: dam girl can i call u dumbledore cuz ur the head master
Eventually youll realize life is short. Listen to whatever music you want. Hang with who you want. DO what you want. Its all you'll regret.
I heard if you Inject marijuanas you could speed it up
I will end your short time on earth
But $$$$$$$$$$$ gotta ensure we get those $$$$$$ who cares about the long term health of the planet ️
: When will my serotonin return from war?
: What President Trump did today by withdrawing from the Paris Climate Accord is an international disgrace.
Yes
Travis scott*
You popped up on me by surprise see I never took you for the popping type damn it's am so please believe the hype
If I have to parallel park don't invite me
: we're making progress
Me irl
The last time I was somebody's type I was donating blood
times for the bando shoot times at the window
: wheres my invite
Just wait until you don't have that tho. Enjoy it bro.
me irl
Me in th grade irl
meirl
if true 🤔
Me irl
me irl
The Quavo verse
Me irl
and ill jump
Hell ya
:
Lmao thanks
me irl
meirl
Ya that thing slick cuHz
Ya but that whip u got now tho
meirl
: she so bad she can succ a softball through a straw
: rain drop drop top hit me with ur car in the crosswalk

Girl: are you committed? Me:
: don't bullshit me mate I will kill your family
Me in forever when the cashier announce on the loud speaker she need a new romper tag cuz my shit not ringing up
Meirl
: FT: -4 (Guidetti '; ', ', '; '). p…
Me irl
: The average whale is about the size of a whale.
: i'd fuck a cheesecake
My bad I had a moment today lil

That's not Kevin
you down?
Get in line
People don't value you until the day you're not there to be valued. That's when you become valuable to them.
irl
me_irl
Man down
That's how I found u bb
Hahahaha fuccccc yes
What a beautiful day. Guess I'll watch Netflix with the windows open .
Pot kills. Remember guys.
Bebe, hazme caso. No olvides mis pasos. Aunque ma no salga y me fabriquen un caso.
Me devolviste la cara, ya yo no amaba en nadie confiaba, a nadie miraba
: FP: -1 (Saúl ', Griezmann ' (p); ') (2-4 agg.) ¡Vamos a Cardiff! We're going to…
:
[concert] SINGER: hows everyone doin tonight CROWD: woo ME: (from the back in a normal speaking voice) its actually been a tough few months
me irl
Look at this girl ballin, smh. When I was in college we had $0 and we starved.
When you rediscover Spanish music and all of the sudden I need to re-up this spanol
me irl
me irl
me irl
me irl
me irl
Every. Fucking. Time.
me_irl
Brunch. The socially acceptable excuse to day drink.
LMAO
: Makes sense to me. 🤷‍️
Travie? Tf
This song HIGHKEY slept on
me_irl
me_irl

me_irl
me irl
: He got the "hood nigga" filter on a pic with the President. Legend  One of my greatest eeriences h…
When Ronaldo scores and the crowd roars I feel like a child again watching him dominate.
me_irl
Sometimes you gotta hit "no receipt" at the ATM cause You don't need that kinda negativity in your life
Me irl
Dude steals my tweet
Me: *washing car with son* Son: "Dad, can't you just use a sponge?"

Me_irl
Whose tryna play?
Money can't buy dank memes
me irl
I'm in a class of my own my teacher got fired
Tru shit
Me_irl
Already dead Inside
In the next days I will see Oregon, Washington, British Colombia, NYC again, and move to Germany. Truly fortunate.
Here's a tab of acid for your ear
tengo un small pito
Take FBAR off tax filing obligation ya fuckin twat
me irl
This guy  things a day on Twitter while he "dream chasing" lmao bro what your dreams?
Love when I see someone who clearly can't afford a benz stuntin in a benz. Meanwhile they're mths behind on their bills
When you ask ya girl what's for dinner and she says, "me"
I might be
You ever notice people who deny climate change also believe in the magic sky fairy? Even tho we have evidence for one but not the other 🤔
Pls share
meirl
I am concerned with
Me irl
LMAO
me irl
: ...
Tbh they're trash the just make music that is remixable
me irl
me_irl
I live for two reasons ) I was born. ) I haven't died yet.
: Proud of my son

Again lol
Proud of my son
Bruh you're
Bitch get used to it 🤑
: what you see vs what actually happened
me irl
R A I N E Y B O Y E S
me irl
On top of that dude dislocates his knee with every step it's so gross 🤢
This dude on the elliptical next to me so fuckin annoying dude slaps his thighs like every other step then grabs the fuckin handle loud af

Does anyone else still do the Tiger Woods fist pump or is it just me?
Me irl
Oh believe me it was the shittiest goal ever I know I'm ass cheeks
THE SCORING CURSE IS OVER
Natural progression

You and I both lol
Damn girl hope things shape up
Well I can't see the house remaining in tact much longer then
Depends what's the house made of🤔
She seen your dick pics
Literally you irl
Solid Estonian bro
: N O S T A L G I A O S T A L G I…
I miss how fucking pumped up I would get to play Pokémon on my game boy as a kid
Trump irl

Whose ready to hear about how I managed to not score a goal for the th consecutive match on Sunday?
When u put on the hood filter and get likes
Crazy how important everyone thinks they are, when in reality none of us ain't shit in the grand scheme of things.
Hey unless I'm getting a discount to listen to shitty advertisements while I fill up, get rid of them.
The photography community can confuse me at times. People out here really only snapping pics to get instafamous.
I'm sure those extra likes you buy for your photos on IG helps people remember how cool you are
me irl
me irl
"What's your name?" I'm sad "Nice to meet you Sad" I'm really just sad all the fuckin time
me_irl
If I had a nickel for every time...
: rise n grind i'm goin to jail to visit my boy i hope the guards strip search me no homo
Free pornhub premium truly a blessing
: Carmelo Anthony (working on Sunday NYT crossword puzzle, listening to Kurt Vile) and Derrick Rose (drawing pictures of…
: any ladies looking for a nice southern god praisin gentlemen to have sexual relations with
I gotta terminate the hate and spread the positive
Me_irl
Me irl.........
Me irl

: . when will you address the eloding cost of college and the problem of student debt ?
Me irl
lmao
Seeing old people struggle to do basic things really hurts my soul. I just want to help them .
: Adams: The win "puts some lead in the pencil." When thought he said "lead in the pants," Adams says "the pencil's…
Pro tip
me irl
lmao with no regard for human life
heard you're doing some sick shit too bro, natty light enthusiast? Gnarly bro

: What's with all these high school kids announcing they're going to some random D3 college nobodies heard about?
Saved. Saved your life.
ya but you're racist so of course you thought it was good
me irl
don't forget pistons *
MATT CONFIRMED THINKS LEBUM WASNT GOOD IN
me irl
me irl
Me irl
Holy fuck
does he tho
that's fucked up
Ok I c u


: mcdonald's: welcome the dons what can i get for u desiigner: ay ay at doot doot brbrerrbrbrbrbrat ski ski hehehehe duhf…
Only human on this earth who gets it:

Too bad mom didn't pull up to my baby shower like this
or we could stop polluting my TL with dumbass shit. If that's your definition of triggered then you have been baited
or we could stop spreading false info by taking a snippet from an unreliable site from June for s?
me irl
gutted man
End of an era for Wisconsin bball. No more players with national title eerience left.
well you could ask for Wisconsin to win...
You still just Here for tHa memes braH ?
make your free throws and you don't end up in that scenario
because Wisconsin missed + free throws
Being a Wisconsin sports fan takes years off your life
worked out
ate dinner
tied my shoes
Giannis is the most exciting player in the NBA omg
Dbag ryan irl
whites that do the dab, Donald trump is a chump know how we feel punk tell em that god comin and Russia need a replay button
Dbag Ryan irl
No more hunting limits on Alaskan wildlife, way to go senate. You continue to sicken me everyday.
: Trump’s "health care" plan is a war against working people. We have to fight back in a way that we have not seen in modern…
BRB KILLING MYSELF
FUCK
it's a k dot lyric ya fuckin bum
ayyyyyy
you been up since or something lmao
dudes it's am lmao
Trump met with MEN to discuss the future of maternity laws LMAO I'm sure this will end well
YALL GOT UNTIL APRIL TH TO YALL SHIT TOGETHER
oh look the tweet was deleted. Cunt
Y'all are a bunch of pussies complaining about people who joke about wanting to die. No one getting out this bitch alive anyways.
Dude posts the shittiest news site and says "hey this is real" it'll get me s. Keep spreading garbage to grow you…
End rant.
I can't even afford to chase my passions because I would go bankrupt from student loan debt. What a shit society we live In.
Not everyone has a millionaire dad to pay for their school. Some of us are first gen and just want a better future.
Fuck you that I will be in debt until I'm . Republican cunts don't even understand.
Every time I have to pay my student loan payment each month it's a reminder to how fucking awful the education system is
Way less support from my peers in recent years as I get established
People like you more when you're working for something than when you have it
Me irl
me irl
. D A N K A N K
: . T H E L O N G C O N H E L O N G C O N
No wonder my data is always over
Me irl
opportunist
Jus craving death tbh
: Me when I found out Tomi Lahren got fired for being pro-choice and Trump's being investigated by the FBI for treason in t…
Me irl
Finally upgraded the laptop after years
Another flame pic I was fortunate enough to be in
CHICAGO HENGE
: I say to young people all over this country: Get involved in the political process. We need your energy. We need your ideal…
M00D
lmao
yessss bay!!!!!!! ON WISCONSIN!!!
LETS GO WISCONSIN
I SUCKED THAT FRONT ROW DICK BOTH FINAL FOUR RUNS SHOW ME WE CAN STILL DO IT
LETS GET IT WISCONSIN BASKETBALL DONT FUCKING LET ME DOWN
Jon's back on his bullshit
When she's a trump supporter but you're still tryna smash
: when u kinda wanna be back on your bullshit but you just turn down for mental and physical health purposes
that's ok Ig likes don't pay the bill as Teddy P says
I feel u
don't follow me on ig
Hi my amigo told me to you tho 🤡
dude might. Gonna be in countries where I don't speak the language, I have never been, with $10k of camera gear lol
Reading all this stuff on some of europes nature travel has me scared shitless to do it alone. But fuck it it'll be worth it.
RIP to a climbing pioneer, Royal Robbins
Jon irl


THE LEICESTER DREAM IS STILL ALIVE
Holy fuck sports are so awesome man I get so excited over the dumbest shit
Me irl
Straight up I never got this

: rise n grind is optional today it's a fuckin 🅱️lizzard outside
Lmaooo these are killin me
Me irl

: That's fucked up Bern
max built for survival
Lmaooooo
Just made the decision that my print shop is open for the next year at a minimum! Check out my work !
email?
Twitter needs to fucking have an alternate links for videos on here besides pic.twitter cause I be opening shit at work and it's loud af
haha well of course. You're basically playing a -6 seed which sucks
literally this statement isn't wrong
lmaooooo
I still wouldn't overlook them, with less eerience last year they took down a . You'll have to worry about the half court.
go ask that one bitch on IG how she does it
ya know not the fact that we were ranked at one point during the year and are still pretty good lol
Matt irl
: Remember, we die
Finally bought some of my own prints to hang in my room. Can't wait to see them.
obliterated on praising god I presume?
: BARCELONA YOU FUCKIN SHIT THE BED HOW YOU MANAGE TO BEAT PSG -1, AND LOSE TO DEPOIVE -1?! THATS RIGHT BECAUSE NEYMAR W…
me_irl
Stay hungry. Stay foolish.
me_irl
Being up since :30 is gonna catch up with me
Think I'm in a creative rut or maybe it's just the shitty cloudless skies.
me irl
me irl
Me irl
me_irl

irl
I think central basketball should be disqualified for fielding a French national team player with attitude issues.
I've been depressed for so long holy shit

: Hmmmm instagram likes trending on the App Store?🤔🤔🤔 no wonder some of you women get likes
me irl
NOW IDK IF YOU CAN YOURSELF TO THAT JON
lmao bro PSG thought they played in golden state
Nah we good. We actually respect when someone plays well
: pornhubs only showing gay porn today the fuck i'm supposed to do now
PSG BLEW A -0 LEAD
was insane man I watched it with dylan on his phone lol. PSG should be embarrassed.
anything can happen in sports man, patience my friend
: PSG blew a -0 lead Woww
Again, no lead is safe post sports
stand by your team -7 then brooooo ️
Well deserved Barca amazing comeback
Opinion change over min tho

???
: I'm a Real Madrid fan but what Barcelona just did is AMAZING
As I was saying
Barca fans in full hate mode instead of crediting PSG. Games not even over guys.
DREAM DEAD
me irl
: I strongly believe in civil political discourse. But how does one respond to a president who has complete disregard for rea…
: ' ¡GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL de ! -2
: rise n grind what're we bitchin about today people

: Let’s call Trump's travel ban what it is: A racist and anti-Islamic attempt to divide us up.
me irl
u on ur side ?
and this dude never asks me 🤔
C O M F Y B O I
Maybe the most fire pic I've ever been apart of
me irl
me_irl
Waking up at am on the weekend to pursue my passions. Gotta do things most people won't.
r u on ur side?
I get the stupidest grin on my face when someone whose work I admire compliments my work
PNW flight booked
u on ur side?
me_irl
: country girl takin a dip while having sex with an army veteran
Why would anyone drink or do drugs? I get high off respecting women
For lent this year I'm just giving up
I feel u
Me irl
Last year I was miserable and depressed but this year I turned that shit around now I'm depressed and miserable
Back when I was sleeping at my momma crib
IG preview for my twits
Ya feel?
Haven't lost my virginity yet because I never lose
where is this Free Duncan? I would like to pick it up
lmao straight up man
lmao for real
This dude goes to UWM and put himself on a pedestal
Me_irl
Me today
Me irl
: goodnight
: one month into his presidency and anime is still legal?
I rly ain't need to have that pizza I just did but ya kno oops
we are sure a weird breed
Me irl
gotta milk it for that cash
All Star Night sucked dick
: I'm in Iraq and have just witnessed police helicopters get shot down by rebel soldiers. Please send help.
My phone drier than the Sahara tn


Jon irl
yes I do
hahahahha dude seriously
LMAO
Me irl
me_irl
me_irl
: Gonna spend all weekend fantasizing about Europe
Me irl
Gonna spend all weekend fantasizing about Europe
Me irl
Absolutely not me irl
This world needs more people like Bob Ross and Fred Rogers to become popular.
act like you wouldn't rep
supreme box lid for chemo season
me irl
Me irl
: I'm glad Puzder will withdraw. Given his relationship to his employees he wasn't fit to lead a department responsible for d…
Me irl
RIP E-Dubble
: Valentines day...dinner £75...drinks £50...taxi £20...hotel £200... the look on your face when she tells you shes on he…
Barcelona had a great Valentine's Day, they got fucked in Paris!

HAPPY TACO TUESDAY
DONT SAY HE DIDNT WARN YA
People don't realize how important your attitude is. I work with some people with victim mentalities and they never get shit done.
If global warming isn't real, then tell me why club penguins shutting down?
: Just booked a trip to Patagonia, I will literally be at heaven on earth in one month.. holy 🇨🇱
me irl
tfw you see the Knicks beat the Spurs
If you are more fortunate than others, build a longer table, not a taller fence...
Also idc your opinion on Marshmello, Ritual is a fucking banger
: life partner*
Someone send back home so I can have my photog partner back and not be bored off my ass.

I didn't say I dropped k
I really just dropped $3.3k
Yes
I spend so much time alone sometimes I forget what it's like to have friends
this account is not so relatable
Well I can finally officially say it: I am moving to Germany
lmao
: Yeah I got Yeezys
: dawg i'm so fuckin high that when i was going to leave my house i hopped in the passenger side door of my car to leave HAH…
meirl
I'll just leave this here
You let what the media says about you get to your head more than teenage girls do
Me irl
me irl
I think ghosting someone is industry standard for relationships when you're over it, yet everyone wants closure. We are confusing beings.
Holy fuck ️
me_irl
Barry would smash your bitch in a heart beat
God damn Barry
: YOOOOO THE CUTE GIRL IN CLASS HANDED ME THE ATTENDANCE SHEET COULD THIS BE THE END OF MY LONELINESS??
: i'm in the middle of the worst poop ever i am in the employee bathroom fully uncloathed asking for gods forgiveness
I mean these people drive like fucking David Beckham is at their desk waiting for them lmao
I'll never understand people blazing mph on the morning commute, are you that excited to go to your job and bitch all day?
Miss you obeezy
Yoooooo holy throwback
: ┏┓ ┃┃╱╲ in this ┃╱╱╲╲ house ╱╱╭╮╲╲ we ▔▏┗┛▕▔ ╱▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔╲ YEE YEE ╱╱┏┳┓╭╮┏┳┓ ╲╲ ▔▏┗┻┛┃┃┗┻
me_irl
: The American people are coming together to stop Trump and Republicans from taking our nation backwards in so many ways. Let…
Me irl
me irl
Me_irl
I'm literally so embarrassed to be an American right now.
: Men and women in our military did not stand up and fight for Trump to lead us in the direction of an authoritarian society.
: Tweet Less, Think More
I'm saying and the chandions league final went to PKs
How I feel about tom Brady
Your president is inciting terrorism, come defend this cunt now. Anyone TRY.
I swear recency bias too real lmao y'all need to chil

Stay woke
The dark meme lord
When you get your tax return and start buying shit you can't afford
yea lets sing the national anthem in an event with two US teams. Wait what?
: Let's go Packers.. Let's shock the world
I checked the guide for "i wish" and that's not a time
Anyone know what time the chandions league final is today?
: YEEYEE it's time for some fuckin FOOTBALL baby let's break out the doritos let's break out the Budweiser let's beat the SH…
: I would hope that Republicans have the courage to stand up to Trump's movement to authoritarianism.
: crazy how the superbowl is on /20 this year
Me_irl
: im moving to california when i graduate college in a couple years. mark this tweet.
like tell me you're not ready to fuck some shit up after the first seconds
Why do anime intros have the most badass music lmao

Bitch I'm like your problems, self-made
% agree
LMAO THIS DUDE REPRESENTS BLACK PEOPLE ABOUT AS WELL AS DAVE CHAPELLE IN THE EPISODE HE WAS BLIND.

keep it up and I'll follow RJ
Unfollowed more . Probably gonna purge another hundred or so.
People who mad cause I don't like their shit on IG, bruh if it's not a good photo I'm not gonna like your shit. I'm a fucking photographer.
: Congrats to of the on passing Rashard Lewis (1,787) for th on all-time Three-Pointers Made list! …
: fuck that stupid groundhog seein his fucking shadow the rioters shoulda just finally lit that piece of shit on fire
Will u be my dad bod
: i'm Gay
dank
This is fucking pathetic. Impeach this cunt.
which meme u got on ur phone
wuss poppin jimbo
"I can show you the world.... except the United States"
"BUILD THAT WALL" says white people who eat Mexican food, vacation to Cancun, fake celebrate cinco de mayo, and won't work for minimum wage.
me irl
Also this is proof that I am illiterate
This is proof dylan voterd for trump
interesting. There's a solution somewhere but I'm not making that decision so fuck it lmao
understandable
honestly I do
smh I posted this
literally none of that surprises me either
those cunts better have that report on my desk by am Monday
I just think they need to be transparent.
I mean sure they could go these places I agree, but you are essentially forced to spend hours a day at the place. Ya kno?
which begs the fact why wouldn't they be transparent about it? I'm not saying I'm right or wrong. Just stating some views man.
but they didn't hire ficial analysts.... they hired teachers... if it's budgetary then ppl should hold walker accountable
what if you don't have wifi at home? That's ur chance to use the web. Giving people free internet access % takes attention.
never said they had to, % could make people pay attention less. You're incentivized to use school wifi since it's free.
maybe so. But the fact they consulted "every teacher" leans to my point. Why would they do that if it was budgetary?
LMAO
bruh they'll easily find some other reason but it's % that as an excuse.
Dare I say wilmot pulls a trump esque policy here.
You can't force people to want to pay attention. They have to want to pay attention themselves.
Wilmot completely missed the point by pulling wifi. The policy isn't going to make anyone pay more attention. It'll make them less likely.
Trump irl
me irl
: it's average dick hours aka time for us get some for damn money baby


🤔
🤙🤙
me irl
me_irl
me irl
gotemmmmmm LIBTARDS
This surely isn't ironic at all 🤔
: folks its the th of xanuary aka Xan so lets whip them dicks out n quit your job who gives a fuck we blackin out toni…
It's sad that Kim Jong Un looks rational in comparison to Donald Trump
ok text me
is this a catfish attempt
he's exempt
Trump be like
it's on deck
: bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb…

: Sadly we live in a country where people only care about issues when they affect them directly

🤔tell me
meirl
hehe
ok bob

This dude would've sold you into slavery years ago.
Huh is that so Mr. Pence?
I wonder if people see my account and go, "wow a talking dog."
whatever caters to their agenda man, true or false they don't care. Good shout Dalt.
ya girl is from NYC ?
Republicans want to defund education because their platform revolves around the uneducated voting for them.
: I will be voting against Betsy DeVos for Secretary of Education. We must strengthen public education in America, not destro…
: good evening u fuckin LIBTARDS i spent the evening chewin copenhagen long cut straight , riding horses and fuckin my cousi…
hahahahahaha I feel like I am now part Japanese

he called me "Bank-san" I made it guys
update Yuji-San replied
wait whose leading la liga? 🤔 I'll wait for your salty ass to reply since you focus more of your energy on Madrid than Barca
Tfw you get paid then realize you're broke because student loans .
Me irl
Ask yourself, "what would Kobe Bryant do?" And then do that thing
: ⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀. . ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⌒ ⠀ ⠀
lmao fuck too real
he curved me he never replied lmao
couldn't let yu down
too bad it's ford
me irl
Me irl
: Early on in the conversation versus what it degenerated into.
🤙
: with Dad

???
Will be looking to sell my Nikon full frame and lenses soon, please let me know if interested.
: i ain't triggered im a rootin tootin america u fuckin foreign terrorist
: I'm so tired if I don't go to bed I'm gonna start crying like alittle bitch. This Twitter has me hooked
: u god dam right trump is president u god dam right nascar is the greatest sport u god dam right my cousin is fine as hell…
: Yeah thanks the team feels so much better now that it's cleared up!
Anyone wanna scoot to Milwaukee to photography the Art Museum?
New profile pic
Jus so everyone is aware
: playing marvins room and really missin you
Me_irl


and a pathological liar
dude says I'm at grand Geneva and curves me
We did not come this far to only come this far. Stand up for America.
: Yes, the day a multi-billionaire elite rules the American nation is the day 'the people' finally rule. Ho-…
: I'll wait for you to lead by exandle.
When ya nut n she keep sucking
"It's called the American Dream because you have to be asleep to believe it" - George Carlin
me irl
: Hi everybody! Back to the original handle. Is this thing still on? Michelle and I are off on a quick vacation, then we’ll…
fex lake tren
come wit
Dudes tryna to take Chicago pics and k women in the way. Excuse me guise my pics are a bit more important.
dude I'm fucking hurt
: Yes we can. Yes we did. Thank you for being a part of the past eight years.
RIP Gabe
me irl
: What did you tweet that with? Asking for my Chinese Friend.
did you know that he still lost the popular vote? Adjust your chart so it doesn't cater to your agenda by showing pop density
I wish
I'm just glad I'll be out of the country for a chunk of this dipshit reign
Also I am sorry to all LGBT folk. You don't deserve what Trump is going to do.
Hope those extra tax dollars you're "saving" are worth sacrificing the planet. When your taxes really going up ️.
Lol they deleted any reference to climate change on the White House page. Fuck you cunts who are ruining our future. Hope your children burn
: DON BUYS FLOWERS CONFIRMED
for someone with Million follower donald trump how come your speech only has k  after a hour?
: I'm still asking you to believe - not in my ability to bring about change, but in yours. I believe in change because I believe…
if you miss already :c

the fact he gained M flowers in min was enough for me to know how insecure you are "Mr. trump"
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
THIS GUY THINKS HE GOT ALMOST AS MANY FOLLOWERS AS OBAMA IN MIN
hahahahahahaha Donald you are a joke
M Americans didn't immediately go "OH FUCK DONS ON TWITTER AS POTUSS LETS GO SUCK HIS DICK AND FLOWER HIM"
lol the dude literally bought them. M? Hahahahahahaha fake accounts
dude bought M flowers
oh yea they were very rational and didn't bring race into it or anything. Super rational humans.
lol no thanks twitter
: My President by
Barack Obama
: Russell Westbrook not starting in the game is almost as crazy as not running the ball on the w/ a Super…
Tell me why my boi out here fighting for us still but when Hillary lost she disappeared??
: The entire First Family represented our country with extraordinary dignity, grace and civility over the last eight years. T…
Anyone is welcome to join me in bumping my president by young jeezy on repeat all day
My president is black
We're going from this to fuckin trump ugh
It really gonna hurt to retire obamas jersey
Let's go
My President by Young Jeezy on repeat all day tomorrow. No excuses.
me_irl
me_irl
I highly recommend the documentary, "Minimalism"
me irl
S C A R Y
Mood
To all of you defending a drunk driver, fuck you.
I have a very serious question, does lightning mcqueen get car insurance or life insurance?
meirl


Pls help I have a mullet
Dis pic will be on muh IG l8r
Anime was a mistake
hesus Christ
me irl
meirl
: Martin Luther King would not want his birthday to be a holiday. Make Election Day a holiday so more poor people and dark peo…
: One last time.. My president is Black.
Andy Reid irl
me irl
You
RIP ROOKIES
let it be known
:
hey tom could I get a biscuit
Omw to photo chi
who took this absolute banger
Found a $200 check today that I never knew about so it's been a good day
omw to suck u off
aw don are you lonely
meirl
DRIVERS! PLEASE BE COUEOUS TO STUDENT PEDESTRIANS AND hit us going full speed please
yeah those people are straight up shady as fuck dude
She asked what I wish for on my wish list, have you ever asked your bitch for other bitches?
Not to get ahead of myself.... days til

: no only for divorces
kenny you real for that
find short friends
I'm jus tryna bust a nut🤔
she's onto me....
but it doesn't feel good then
Like you were in Singapore, Germany, Brazil, India, California and we all came together. Trips me out.
The concept of my coworkers and I being spread out across the globe and coming together is truly mind blowing to me.
Happy to see all my work friends
oops he came in me
Boiii you real for this
me irl
Yeezy season approaching
: if you like pineapple on a pizza you are a borderline serial killer
me irl
Mr. just a reminder that you are my dad and I am forever indebted to you.
: No, Mr. Trump. Climate change is not a "hoax." It is real. It is already doing devastating harm to our planet.

Hey dad when can you fit me in weeeks from now
Does anyone need a full size mattress? Giving one away
I don't remember when I stopped giving a shit about football, but I'm glad I did.
Moving home was a hour time difference. Yet my body is acting like it was a complete . Why body why?
Hope y'all like living in a fascist world cause that's where your country's headed
are you fucking good dude? Go take an Econ course.
Dontwearvansifyouveneverbeenhitbyone
me irl
: 🇵🇹 ¡, elegido Mejor Jugador en los premios 'The Best FIFA '! ¡Enhorabuena! :/…
Me irl
me_irl
me_irl
:
Also can we please recognize that Neymar has been complete shit this last months.
Also Barca sitting back points and Madrid has a game in hand. Yikes. Lots of games to go though.
Don't claim you travel when you're just going to a resort in Mexico lmao.
me irl
: The Greek Freak is only ,000 votes behind Russ!?! RETWEET to for Giannis Antetokounmpo NOW!!
Oh boy am!
Kill me
: ' ¡GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL de ! -0
Who tryna play wit me
: Why must you guys buy likes on all your Instagram pics?? No one gives a fuck if you get or likes …
too bad I'm worried
why are you jus tweeting this now lol
also this list is criminal jon, yeezus at ? Gtfo
it's definitely not.
me irl
says dude in a camo hat
not even a US release
shits go for

Achievement unlocked
: Me irl
: Me irl
: Me irl af
: On god when I get back to Chicago is getting an ass whoopin
: Me irl
fuckin hell jon
Don't tell but I'm picking up Kenny on Saturday
fuck idk?
I would like to die instead, thanks.
ya lo sabemos.
meirl
Brian irl
Need me a cup of
If you enjoy something just fucking do it, who cares what anyone thinks. Gonna die one day anyways.
Lmao
me irl

irl
me irl
I hope you die
fuck that
RIP
: From realizing marriage equality to removing barriers to opportunity, we've made history in our work to reaffirm that all are cr…
: We brought home more of our troops &and; strengthened U.S. leadership—leading with diplomacy &and; partnering with nations to meet globa…
: We traded foreign oil for clean energy, we doubled fuel efficiency standards, &and; we acted on a global scale to save the one plane…
: After decades of rising health care costs, today nearly every American now has access to the ficial security of affordable he…
: Facing the worst ficial crisis in years, you delivered the longest streak of job growth in our history.
: It’s been the privilege of my life to serve as your President. I look forward to standing with you as a citizen. Happy New Year…
My style sex in the shower, fresh as fuck
: RETWEET to vote for Stephen Curry ⭐️
Editing photos and catching sunset tonight in SoCal
: LOL all the hoes and lames bitching about how shitty was and now they going out to get fucked up tnight …
"Fuck [arbitrary calendar date] because I didn't do shit with my life" - person you went to high school with
eect a chair open for me when I return
you decide
Who wants to smaysh me at ?
What an amazing birthday. Big Sur and Yosemite! To another !
Shoutout to my day unos
Views
somos juntos
: Everyone it is Jordan banks birthday and he's still a fuckin loser but it's okay because I also am a fuckin loser.
been fucking amazing so far bud! Thanks!
: happy birthday dad hope your day is great
Happy birthday and me
thanks bb will do
: Happy th have fun in Yosemite
Dude wakes up to this
be home soon my young one I promise
my dearest son, thank you!
: Happy birthday Dad! Hope you have a great day! Come home soon!
: Happy birthday dad ️
tbh never
Gonna be and I act like I'm fucking shitposting on Reddit smfh lmao
u right
Gonna wake up on my birthday next to one of the most beautiful coastal views in the world
Sophisticated ignorance write my curses in cursive.
: New profile pic
: Yes, if you wear crocs you be will deported to North Korea
: didnt suck, your life did
Omw to be a bitter cunt to you in
boi
: morrow SANTA ANA PULL UP
top kek
then keep it to yourself. No one else gives a shit that "he's the best" making your relationship public is toxic.
I be home soon young laddie
Y'all bitches irl
Or those "changing for the better from here forward" people. How about actually changing instead of talking about changing?
If you feel the need to tell people "fuck negativity im a positive person from here on out" you're not positive at all fam.
Also reminder that I love doggo memes.
Friendly reminder that I shoot photos as a hobby. Check my instagram out if you enjoy my content
tweeting flames rn guise.
: Can we please fuck off with the idea of "leaving people behind in " if that's what your plan is then you should've le…
: Don't let a new number dictate when you start making yourself happier. ain't gon do shit, gotta do it yourself.

: RETWEET to vote for Stephen Curry!
fuck whoever voted for wholesome
🤔
RIP
RIP Carrie Fisher
Also quit bitching that sucked. Instead go do something about it.
Fun fact to couples of social media: we don't give a fuck that you're dating. Stop posting photos .
: word
me irl
Hanukkah been lonely af too
wtf
Christmas was lonely af here in Cali. Missing family. Lowkey glad I had Matt though.
From me to you

album is fire
Overreaction: album of the year
Holyyyyy fuck J3 is insane
Me_irl
Big deal Jesus, so your dad sent you here to suffer and die, that's what all the rest of us are doing too.
This man stole my heart
Me too thanks
: yo santa, come thru w a green card so i can travel to europe
me irl
dylan "money shot" Fraley
I think are too comfortable communicating over the phone
: et ready, start.
: ible. The second time you fail to complete a lap before the sound, your test is over. The test will begin on the word sta…
: l. [beep] A single lap should be completed each time you hear this sound. [ding] Remember to run in a straight line, and…
: test will begin in seconds. Line up at the start. The running speed starts slowly, but gets faster each minute after y…
: The FitnessGram™ Pacer Test is a multistage aerobic capacity test that progressively gets more difficult as it continues.…
LMAO
holy fuck another wave of pregt people i went to high school with LMAO
I would marry u
Like a baby
irl
me irl
Girl: are you committed? Me:
Oh fuck we made it!!!!!
: happy one year dad ️


: Can't wait till we go to Paris next year ️


Me whole life flashed before me eyes! It was so boring.
me irl
Yo
sounds good son
there it is
Jesus Christ
idk why you saved all these but god bless u



idk what this one is let me find headphones lmfao
at work without headphones but I know what this is lmao

: hell yeah it is
holy fuck
most of this is your [OC]

:
:
:
it's right behind me isn't it
me irl
: Dylan "memes of Jordan 'memes on deck' bank" Fraley
Jordan "memes on deck" bank

but wait
Diabeetus
Legen-dairy
Legendary asf
Legendary
Mfw
And my birthday in days jeeeez no thanks
weeks left in Cali....
me irl
local OC weekend too, Star Wars tonight, Laguna Beach tomorrow, LA Photography Sunday.
East Atlanta Santa + New Good Cudi? It's Friday
THE NEW ARENA MY TAX DOLLARS PAY FOR?! FUCK THAT THING.
guava
: Rest in peace, Craig. We will forever be .
universal source
I know that Jesus died for us
rip Craig Sager
get me one of those weird af countdown websites
when's your mixtape release?
: Yes my daughter is very good looking, but I would only go to rd base with her, you guys are disgusting
he doesn't but ok. You're fighting an argument you can't win. fax. Go cry about being pts back m8
im not denying messis greatness, but youre in denial to think ronaldo didnt deserve it.
messi hasnt scored in a classico in what matches? Ronaldo has the most assists in la liga over the last years as well.
every person is a new door to a different world
me irl
me too thx
i am now erect
go look at and tell me the world matters lol
bush did /11
you are here to meme young sir. Meme on
I mean TBH u were put here to do jack shit. U exist for no reason .
Ya know ?
wolfsburg, atlético, Roma, wales, sporting. Idk why I even need to justify this.
Ya kno?
Outwork your competition in every aspect of life
Mamba Mentality
get out the looney bin mate.
Me irl
lmfao damn thots unfriended me on the snaps
Me irl
: ¡Felicidades a por ganar su cuarto Balón de Oro!
Cristiano Ronaldo, your Ballon d'Or !
New holiday profile photo
Believe in yourself. Under-confidence leads to a self-fulfilling prophecy that you are not good enough for your work.
Sometimes I read tweets and wonder if shes
So many women identify themselves as their relationship status. There's more to life than that .

I was told the white buns is an xbox phenom
me_irl
I am erect
the salt LMAO
TFW Mozart sold more CDs this year than Drake this year
you guys* but who gives a flying
I like my twitter followers, you guide loyal. Here's a sneak peak from my trip yesterday.
meirl
Smh
me_irl
Love all these people who got time to creep on my IG story and see what I'm doing but never liking a pic. keep lurking and being lame
Me irl
Hahahahahaha savage
And I really mean that. Take advantage of everyday. Because you never know when your time will come.
The most motivational words you'll ever hear are, "you're gonna die"
Just remember what matters is what you do when no one is watching. Audience of one. It's what separates good from great.
Remember guys, focus on you


The problem with this world is the amount of ignorance.
Me irl
watch your profamity
I would like to publically confess my love for anyone born in Wild Ass Santuary
sorry can't hear your unemployed ass
maybe you shouldn't fuck dudes via LinkedIn and chill
and every guy she smashed via tinder
you're wrong
take them to dinner fill them up
fuck off fund me
Trickle down economics
: How can I believe in Santa when I don't believe in myself
When you take your girl out and she order water
criminal that breaking bad isn't on here
me2thx
hey can you move this chair from underneath me?
Let's just hope I'm not driven to suicide lol.
I feel like I'm the perfect balance of suicidal and driven.
whatever we plant in our subconscious mind and nourish with repetition and emotion will one day become reality

/r/absolutelynotmeirl
Anyone got a lunchable
you're for breakfast?

fuck I'm sorry man I failed rule
: My only requirements for a girl: ) Don't be a hoe. ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )
enjoy what you have now, the moment is all you have. College will come soon enough and fly by.
chill. You'll be out in a few months.
Lmao everyone out here in a relationship and shit and Idk what's for breakfast tmrw
Me irl
MUH AFFECTIONS IM SO LONELY
yeah they played like dog shit the entire second half
You never fail me Wisconsin. Always shit when it matters smh. Still a proud alum.
This dude spends more time hating on the opposition than praising his own players. True passion he shows
How Wisconsin football did me
this account is pure cancer.
Me irl
das everyday here mane
Mmmmmm
bills
: Shoutout to for that snap streak
thank you
omg u noticed me on the Tl
Straight up just going to save a boat load of cash and go travel the world. Fuck work. Gonna die one day anyways.
you thought the couch was uncomfortable
dude spells moms name wrong

bruh you finna let your mom cut your shit again don't lie
Can't wait to photograph next weekend. What a way to cap off my time spent in California.
Me irl
Better get a fresh fade from when I get home
Another day, another opportunity to grow, learn, prosper

Lmao the voice of Siri just followed me
Two trailer park girls go round the outside round the outside
a rich man is not one who has the most, but one who needs the least
Ya if anyone wants to steal my identity go nuts. You'll just be fucking yourself over lmao
If anyone is looking for photography work or wants to buy a calendar or print from me lmk. Would love to get a portfolio.
Me irl
Me irl
see you at momma banks
RIP been nice knowing you
LOL wish I was only k in debt
fuck you fafsa
if you have student loans you can't afford any of those
like paying student loans
damn this hurts
professor: any questions? Me: ya wat the fuck
c u there
omw
It's great to be a white male. You get ass fucked by America because of how you were born. Ficially speaking only.
I jus calculated that I'll be debt free when I'm . So there's that.
Jus paid my first student loan payment. So it begins....
wow TIL
I'm always sad
Back into the EDM grind. Mood status:

Last full month in Cali....
we know
thx sonny
If you weigh no need to put foodie in your tinder bio, we know
Felch
fuck off that's ridiculous. I'm on it.
that's a fucking word?
Get my first yearly bonus tomorrow

every time I hear it I'm just like why?
Embarcadero
Gulch

People forget you can finesse just about anything. Rules are only rules if someone sees you breaking them.
pretend you're a student
$4.99?

This is the ideal male body. You may not like it, but this is what peak performance looks like.
Me irl
I ran out of tears when I was
Me irl
Me irl
Me irl
️

My fucking heart aches for that Brazilian football team. Unbelievable tragedy...
Tfw you aren't going to Singapore anymore like fuck man can't catch a break. Guess Germany is a good consolation.
Married to the game rock a chain instead a wedding ring y'all bridesmaids catch the garter
:
Me irl
Me and irl
u
is she single? Not y


Recommend play my song on the radio

break everything I'm a hustler came from
I never stop
I'm the greatest nigga why you scared to say it?
I'm living life high off life
head head more head head
I tallied up all the parts
and five of us are prolly fucked
grind em up
anonymous
the sun and the moon and star, boy
welcome to club
Life would % not be the same without this dude. Happy th bro and thank you for everything!
Me irl

Goddamn bitch I am not a teen choice, goddamn bitch I am not a bleach boy
say say say
Say say say
: If you put Christmas lights up before Thanksgiving go jump off a cliff

Me and irl


Me irl
The behind the scenes of how I get my landscape photos...

Si quieres ven mis fotos del este vacación, dale un "like" en este status
Anyone wanna do donuts on my hover round?
days til I see my boo
Spending Thanksgiving in Yosemite National Park with some m8s, what an eerience

Jackson Hole, WY
Inversion = no sunset pics :/
Well no cuz I sent a pic of my LCD:/
Yeah:/
Ah yes I have captcha
I been down so long it look like up to me, I got fake people showing fake love to me straight up to my face

Jus deleted this dope bird pic I took today on accident
Me irl
 and I'll jump
Me irl
this song has plenty potential to blow up
people think I am listening to music while working, really I am sitting here listening to gabe bork along to my favorite tunes.
: for the love of god please watch this second video
: CuHz I'm fuckin ugly fool
stab him
whys it so warm back home
I'm spoiled as fuck I'm cold and it's out......
the lord said the word will end when you hear the sound of trumpets, more like Trump/Pence
Me irl
I'm jus tryna secure my cash storage of eggs ya kno?
Me irl
dad bods are in style
:
Blakes a potato
I mean muh boi has Gucci loafers
Cesol might be younger than me, but he'll always be my papa
I support

you guys are the humans, I'm the doggo
nice dick emoji
you too?
If anyone has heard from my Indian friend Vansika, please lmk she's been missing for a while
how tf did I forget about that lmaooooooo
Has anyone seen Olivia l8lee
Hey paco
Me irl
oh shit it's her
Who the fuck is Skye Grobarchik

fuck u lmao
Biden2016 what could've been
I'm not even joe and that gets me goin
Joe irl
People don't realiZe marshmello really is jus DotCom rebranded and everyone hated that dude
sry emperor trump said so
I'm trying to monopolize the industry
Shoutout to y'all who actually like my twitter. Cause I can be fucking annoying.
I can't believe you remember that hahahaha
it's the /20 rule
% of meme culture In Kenosha county is created by me the other % by
% of girls caught up on their exes. Get over it.
"Idk how my asshole does it, it takes a beating" - everyone
sounds like u r
fuck u
: If the White House chef doesn't know how to make a krabby patty then he's going to get fired, bottom line.
By the time I come back from this road trip next week I might not have a dad bod anymore
: If you listen to Nickelback then you will be deported to China
Me irl
like you

yeah :/ I know
wow I didn't even get invited
irl
this me
ohship google up
I like you too Mini aye

nah fuck that shit, listen man you can still do what you wanna do you gotta trust that shit
My Uncle used to have all these things on his bucket list, and now hes actin like oh well this is life i guess
hahahahahahahahah damn jon
chyna
Me irl
always gone but never hard to find
Update: hours until Yosemite


Me irl
: Our job is to deal with the real issues – to deal with our rigged political and economic system – not take our anger out on…
stay away from my man
I already miss






: This is America and we aren't going to throw out million people who are undocumented. We’re not going to turn against Mu…
: .: I will vigorously oppose Trump if he appeals to racism, sexism, or other discriminatory measures
National Debt about to rise roughly $10 trillion fuckkkkk
I need to get back in the gym yeeeeeeeeesh dad bod szn
Gotta buy plastic bags in Cali now fuck man life's hard lmao
If you think repealing Obamacare is smart you're fucking retarded and don't understand healthcare economics.
: Exactly
mines green like the pots
smh you live in a grey state
Remember guys blew a -1 lead against the state of California
Me irl
Hang Me
:  If You Knew Americans Were Stupid But You Didn't Think It Was This Bad
: HAHAHHAHA WAIT WHAT THE FUCK DO I DO NOW

My boi waking up today like
US irl

Lakers game was dope
: I'm an American citizen First. Last. Always.
Hope the DNC burns to the ground. Fuck you.
: how the fuck am i winning lmao
this story brought a tear to my eye
: the future of the planet is at stake. Hillary Clinton will combat climate change. Donald Trump thinks i…
: ya mcm might get deported aka me
if you have as many years of political eerience as
wrote himself in for president

your* fuck you iPhone
hush you're tin foil hat wearing ass up
:  if you'll miss Obama n Biden first black president and VP
if you'll miss Obama n Biden first black president and VP
🤔
Catch me at the Lakers game court side this evening instead of watching the fucking election
So many cute girls dumb af whyyyyyyy
The USA irl
Me irl
Me irl

you could lick and get the same effect
have you considered
Me irl
Me irl
Me irl
Me irl
so fucking inconvenient for everyone
Me irl
Me irl
Me irl
Y'all think I'm fucking kidding bout this lmao
I've waited hours for this burger why you allowing bicycle delivery in NYC
Why the fuck is Uber eats allowing bicycle delivery?
you too thanks
that's ok, I'm actually dead inside so it doesn't matter
"hey Jordan how are you feeling?" Me:
A true biker
It's not about your ability to suck, it's the dad bod
is the cutest Fraley
: Awful. I beat his ass on his own course. Getting deported in months
hahahahahahaha hahahahahhaha
how good was trump?
we need you you're our only hope
smh get an education ya fuckin bums
my pet peeve is people who say they could care less.
yeah totally should of
When did you take up golf
should of known that.
How could she do my boy like that? Fuck man poor penguin
: A fight breaks out when a husband comes home and finds his wife with another penguin.
that's what I wanna hear
that's still service dawg lol.
you're welcome son
facts, b
i donated my father in law to you
every time a team has started -2 they have went on to win an NBA title
organic chem af right Mr Sanders?
ring*
That new profile pic is fresh
"where's my Yankees fitted babe" *LeBron voice*
Shoutout to anyone in the service industry. I could not do your jobs. You the real MVPs
facts, b
timbs on rn TBH ahhahahah
: is going to come back from NY looking like such a deadass b.
only once I'm not fat
I will Jon
lmaoooooooooo
All this over eating catching up to me lmao need a cut back
Hey hit me up on club penguin
: It happened: win World Series. That's change even this South Sider can believe in. Want to come to the White House before…
Me irl
I'm not an old iPhone you box head
I am what I smash
yeah ask
After starting the year never having flown, I will have completed round trips flights after this weekend. Life's neat.
and hung yourself too!
Tfw Mom upgrades your flight seats
hates my tweets

hey big heads
is my dad
Me irl
We live in a world where you can't even trust a -1 lead. Better check your girl.
US adds Wrigley Field to list of official Indian burial grounds
: who are you kidding, it's dad bod season
Betz wasn't kidding about my dad bod
Steve Bartman breathed a sigh of a relief somewhere last night
Low key catch me in Wrigley next spring
Cleveland irl
chandionship vol , struggles vol , redemption FWM
Me irl
me irl
no you arent
you bet the fuck I am
do you know who you're talking to? I'm like time defending meme icon
foh with your week old recycled meme
been supporting them since
Jus member bought me a cubs hat so ima true fan
Never forget went double platinum no features
Succ me
Chapman has to be the realest dude on the Cubs lmao he don't give a fucc
has a tiny ====
mine got likes wtf lmao
Being a bandwagon cubs fan looking good rn proud of my team
Baez is a fucking jackass for that. stand up fagit

LeBron air balled a free throw
succ me
Idk how people have plans every night of the week. How tf you got friends to be busy every fucking night?
How many of our parent's marriages lasted? I was only I bet I barely reacted.
If you have to initiate every conversation you have with someone, really think about that relationship
Me irl
you're . you fuck.


for the love of god please watch this second video
Me irl
The only thing you'll see me training is my hamster
I wanna look ripped as Ronaldo but I also want to consume k cals a day and sit in bed.
Where's my cubs hat I'm back on the bandwagon temporarily.
Things I take for $500, Jonathan

No I already graduated and you can get through anything if magic made it
Class started hours ago oh am I late?
look towards the light, death is near and it's so fulfilling.
Me irl
am I ?
yeah
was getting gas
Says dude who went to In-N-Out without me
how about be yourself and be happy rather than forcing yourself to be something you're not 🤔
come over
I'm not qualified to talk women's fashion but Jesus fuck skirts are so ugly
Actually me irl
RJ will fuck your bitch
-1
I jus want in n out TBH
Me irl
Going to see Lakers v Mavs
ya thas a neat name lets go with that
whats his name
This dude tweeted "I'll get my musket" lmaooooo. Don't worry it'll take him three minutes to reload between shots.
hey wanna get a hamster and go on a walk
We live in a country where often things are not fair. The US has caused me to lose my younger brother I will fight you bud
is my dad
: s and I'll go to shell city to get the crown and save the town and Mr. Krabs.
Giving my car the car wash special. Just let the rain clean it.
Me irl
It's gonna take a lot to drag me away from you There's nothing that a hundred men or more could ever do I bless the rains down in Africa
Me irl
Me irl
Me irl
I miss everyone back home. Being away while everyone grows &and; changes is hard. Im sorry I can't be there for some of these important moments.
GOOD point
big if true
for me it's been days and frankly I've never been more excited to be apart of this fan base
: thanks dad
: thanks dad. ️
To all my boys. I'm extremely proud of you. I mean it
I'll be around again and the mission has just begun
keep working the journey never ends
proud of the player you turned out to be Dunc. You proved me wrong.
proud of you kid. Let's work again this offseason ok?
But if I didn't win you wouldn't see me flipping fucking tits like this baby
No shit you'll accept the election results if you win you fuck. I would accept the lottery winnings if I won lottery?

yeah hmu
Me irl
Me irl
I pledge allegiance to the memes
ya ok Ms.
Every time a girl got "let's workout" in her bio she always overweight as hell
he's dope
Hey now you're an all star
finally you admit you're krabs
: my type of relationship


no wonder you have no tats
Miss you already you silly bastard
the bois you say?
Me irl
Growth is painful. Change is painful. But nothing is as painful as staying stuck somewhere you don't belong
&and; FUCK FEDEX TOO
Seen more people walk out of Fedex saying Fuck than anything else LMAO FUCK FEDEZ
Fuck don't ever ship with them
consolation prize for death I suppose
they even give you a fat ass special last meal
all the above
Who the fuck pays with check still? Jackass
Ok rant over I was bored on lunch sorry
For one day I'll be a materialistic POS tomorrow because I'm getting my new iPhone
Lastly, don't FUCKING vote third party this election you fucks. In that's how we ended up with bush. Don't be a dipshit.
Also found all the spongebob episodes on my computer again so I have been binge watching
Educate yourself, peasants.
Dude has dodged every policy question and just says "BUT THE MUSLIMS ARE SCARY GET YOUR GUNS" fear mongering and it's best.
Also if you cocksuckers elect you're mentally retarded.
that's ok it makes it easier to be friends with yku
Here's another shitty photo from my IG
Check out my shitty photos on Instagram
you're still a potato
Yeah I'm sure the death penalty will sure show this guy who killed police officers a lesson /s. Retribution is no excuse. Let the dude rot.
: NOONELIKESMEENOUGHTODATEMEANDISTILLAMALOSERHAHAHAHA
: MAMAMAMAMEETOOTHANKKSSSSS
I maybe look at Twitter once a week.
If you go to college and start dating someone within the first month, you've wasted a lot of fun opportunity.
feelings, sensations that you thought were dead, no squealing, remember that it's all in your head
/7
Lowkey surfin by cudi got me feeling wavy af
On god when I get back to Chicago is getting an ass whoopin
High key someone Rick Roll me. I miss that shit lmao
I fux with tame impala

Don't get my wrong I fucking love California, but I could really go for some fall weather on occasion.
under earthquake warning... who would've thought
get don to come out
you'll have to definitely vacation to Orange County bro
Don x Jb collab coming January ....
amazing man. It's here still.
be careful it could mean your ACL is torn
I ain't really say anything yet but I'll be home in January
me gusta tus fotos
Welp flight to NYC booked. Second time this year.
Me irl

same af hermanitos
miles from and never gets any easier
What do you mean I can't say "just fuck me up" when they ask me how many boxes of Girl Scout cookies I want?
Bring back Bernie
I miss
Me irl
shhhh
Life's mysterious. Go find the galaxy.
Me irl
RIP to Arnold Palmer. Thank you for creating the worlds best beverage.

Me irl
Born in the nation that breeded us, why don't they ever show me the love?

got a bald fade I might dlam
: Sociology prof: "today's question: how is conversation possible?" Dude fuck if I know I can't make eye contact with the…
Wtf another wave of people I know getting engaged. Christ I'm . I still don't have a clue what the fucks for dinner let alone a SO.
No I lied is just an alcoholic
Is dead
: sad that i luv dick
That feel when tay zonday randomly follows you on twitter lmao you real for that

my condolences
stuck in the house need to get out more been stacking up like I'm fundraising
got you son
Done saying I'm done playing last time was on the outro
Accept yourself you don't have to prove shit to no one except yourself
Shoutout to and keep grinding kids. Love hearing you succeed.
How long bank gonna spend on the intro?
Since I got fucked who wants to help me kill myself back in Chicago?





: So baby pull me closer in the backseat of your boulder
Feel like I was slapped in the face, doused in gasoline, then lit on fire, then shit on. Thanks a lot.
it's named well
thanks sons
If you don't follow me on Instagram please give it a look!
jrodan too thanks
I miss Ms. India USA

Exclusive preview for my small amount of twit followers.
makes her pic a fuckin meme.
Never forget
Find out where I'm moving in January, next week. Could be Germany? Could be Singapore? Could be England? Could be Chicago? Who knows
Me irl
Me irl af
Actually me irl
Lake Tahoe this weekend
Shameless has me nostalgic af about Chicago. I miss home.
ok meet me at Lake Tahoe Friday
Me irl af
Utah boyzzzzzzzz
Drake - Unforgettable
Woah, wait, it's summer time, why they tryna throw shade?
drake could fuck me straight up
Drake - Karaoke
Then this in November!
So excited for this trip in weeks!
Me irl af
Me irl
I wanted to share a list. These are all the places I have gone since March. I am not rich. I just make it work.
Me irl
Thank you for keeping me humble. Life is pretty dull without you guys.
have you considered talking with your mouth and not your asshole?
tf is wrong with you marina
Wilmot smh lmfao
: depression is now following you
Me irl
Unless y'all have blonde hair don't listen to blond
One day you'll wake up and they'll be no time left to do all the things you wanted to
me too thanks
Can't wait for the NBA to come back
Good start to the season, keep up the work don't settle
Me irl
: Great job by on the -2win over . with a hat trick and with goal…
 me
Lol Tfw work picks you to run the New York City marathon
Me irl
Me irl
That dog is me irl af
Why you think I'm in this bitch wearing a fucking yammaka?
Seen more of the world this year than some people see in a lifetime. Forever grateful.

Me irl
Everyone meet my dad,
Me irl
Audiobooks at am on a road trip are calming af
hours to SF
Our next step should be taking profit out of medical care
If private prisons have finally been abolished this society can finally say we are making progress
Me at the bar
College throwback
And also San Diego!
Today makes one month in California! So far I have been to Yosemite, Sequoia, Kings Canyon, Santa Monica, Huntington, Laguna, and Newport!
Martha Stewart
Me irl
me ya dick lick
Spontaneous trip to San Francisco lmao
Jesus is bringing me food holy fuck
same
you're welcome andy
cancels out features on some people that may have been unattractive previously

this is why I do date him
Me irl
Me irl
Me irl
:/
Me irl
Late nights mixed with early days, it'll probably be this way until the pearly gates
️
Me irl


Me irl af
So iG wanna be snapchat now?
Harambe means "all pull together" in Swahili and is the official motto of Kenya

:/
Tfw you get to see your family in days

She don't believe in shooting stars, but she believe in
tHat part*

He bought the Nikon d610 the absolute madman
Me irl
me too thanks
: my ex probably goes through my tweets thinking i miss her but really i just miss harambe
I miss Hamrabe so fuckinn much
People often ask me, "Jordan, I don't like you."
Me irl

Never forget

Roses are red Hamrabes in heaven Bush did /11
I love life
Me irl
I'm all about being single, seeing double, making triple
Me irl
Me irl
LA is gorgeous
Me irl
Hit a lick harambe
Me irl
gotyougurlllll
appreciated homie he almost got me
New selfie
Me irl
Me irl
Meirl
: RIP Harambe
: DAY LETS GOOOO!!️
what's today?
Oshitwaddup
Yosemite BOOKED AF
Me irl
Been in Cali a week and been to Laguna twice, Newport twice, and sequoia
LA is so polluted holy shit
: fr tho
Our German IT guy is running around yelling, "who the fuck drew a Pokemon on my whiteboard!?"
: country thunder is coming.. is your girl in good hands?
Sequoia &and; Kings Canyon this weekend. If you want to do it, you make it work. Even if it means sleeping in the car.
Gonna tear up LA with the Mendez's SOOOO STOKED
Liv lowkey loves my tweets
Shall we
: my handsome son
Me irl
Please, chase your dreams because they do come true. Get out of Wisconsin, elore this world!
Honestly California is a dream
: You realize your videos are in the Asian category on Pornhub, right?
I have this weird self esteem issue where I hate myself but I still think im better than everyone else
Me irl
DEAD
Cesar irl
Me irl
update its now

got damn

lambos seen today
incredible bro. It's so nice.
me too thanks
dude doesn't tweet me a goodbye letter what a cunt
I had a Kit Kat for breakfast in California so I'd say life's good
that makes of us budday
poor liv

Well I did the Atlantic pacific oceans in less than a month. Life sure has taken off.
Ok I loved myrtle beach but Newport is incredible. The sand is perfect, the waters warm. Cali is % for me.
If you're fat in Cali you fucked up there's no way anyone should be fat here
Let's play a fun flight game. How many drinks can I finish in hours.
She's been real Midwest. I'm outchea.
Operation Step Dad commences today
If you love animals or nature, this is super educational check it out.
"Maybe I could get some dick tonigHt?" -
Family doesn't always mean blood.
All I ask of Matt is to hurry the fuck up
Lmaoooooo
Could this screaming child shut the fuck up
Crazy how I just met everyone in my program and we are already all so close. Can't believe we don't see each other until January!
smelling like straight tequila at the airport lmao
Really think about it could be worse my nigga
I wanna pet the security Doggo
hop on this flight to Cali with me
Completely intoxicated hours before my flight to Cali
In hours I'll be on Newport Beach eating In n Out.
not me irl
am gay
jus me dawg
New Program Members
me too thanks
Me too thanks

o shit waddup buzz
ah there it is
Me irl
"First you must learn to pull an oar, only then can you take the helm"
: ️🇵🇹
: Proud of my team. Proud of my country. Make them believe.
Ronaldo shows a passion for the game never seen before and fuck I'm so proud he finally got to lift that cup.
FORCA POUGAL!!!!!
THE MEME SCORES!!!!
why this dude playing for Portugal?
Fucking gutted for Ronaldo.
MCL
Also some people have it so fucking good and are so incredibly ungrateful
Why did I nap for hours earlier now I can't sleep

happy birthday CuHz
o shit waddup
bro don't open invitation it's me u and Dylan
Me irl
Me too thanks
Less than days I will be on a plane to California. The time has finally come.
Dudes bored so he plays Pokemon go all day. Accidentally walked miles. Fuck
gotchu, HEY GIRL AT UNION GROVE MCDONALDS DYLAN WANTS TO FUCK YOU
Me irl
One week
u = hitler
says mr I can't go to sunrise
I live in a fantasy world where we call him Hamrabe, have some respek
Got damn Hamrabe had cake

I'll take step dad
no we dont

: Logo design for travel blogger . Be sure to follow him and check out
"If you want to make apple pie from scratch, you must first invent the universe"
: THat OtHer Part. Black Hippy REMIX. drops in Hr!!!
: Another logo we made for a local fitness trainer be sure to follow him and let us know what you think. :…
: Preliminary design for fitness trainer be sure to follow him and let us know what you think.
anyone want to go to the Indiana Dunes at sun rise? I will pay for gas and entry fee.
Drop blank face Quincy
My life hasn't been fun lately
Blank Face
Me irl
Tf you doing on my batHroom wall CuHz

: LMFAO CHARMANDER FUCKED UP TRYNA RUN UP ON ME LIKE THAT, FUCK A POKEBALL NIGGA YOU FINNA CATCH THIS HEAT
Me irl
Mess won't be serving his month prison sentence, messi keeps missing penalties....
Me irl
Always give credit where credit is due.
Tbh I'm ready to go back to work

: "The BasedGod" wants to speak,As life unravels and superstars make decisions that change lifes, welcome home KD the cu…
Y'all act like KD personally disrespected your mothers lol
: america is whatev
Prediction: I move to California to follow
Prediction: Brodie averages a trip doub next year
get me a passport
Tfw I can keep bandwagoning GS
Do you baby yolo
: To be honest I don't really give much of a fuck about America.
Kevin Durant, Warriors... Holy shit
: Kevin Durant makes his free agency announcement.
Going to layer these
Me irl
Me irl
Long eure shots
: suh my fuh dih bih
*s motivational quotes to appear driven but actually on couch eating French fries in my boxers*

Me irl
I could bump tHis new scHoolboy until I died
Tfw your boi says some sus shit
I'm up like breakfast while cesars sleep

Packing for Cali. Holy shit.
They wrote a story about you
cute Walmart sandals
Real Venetian hours

Me irl
: If you don't understand basic economic principles I have no time for your comps of today's contracts vs contracts of yesterye…
Dude loses lbs this week lmao
this wasn't a milf machine tho
money
Dude at the car rental place says all I have for you is a mini van. Bruh I ain't driving a mini van for days lol.
states, days, hours behind the wheel, miles driven, countless good times later. I am home. What a fucking amazing week.

He burnt my shake
I mean tbh
State Kentucky
State Tennessee
Me irl
Me irl
State South Carolina

me irl
State North Carolina
Me irl
State Maryland
Casual morning commute into DC
Me irl
"State" Washington DC
Dudes gotta be cursed
see most recent tweet
State Virginia
West Virginia is sketchy as fuck lmao
State West Virginia
State Ohio
Through Indy
Driving shift done
best HGH induced athlete
where the fuck is Lionel Messi?
wow I can't even count that hi
Car is cleaned and packed now just waiting for Weiher
: glazed donuts or nah
Didn't eect to have Euros on this early. That makes me happy.
me too thanks
Invest in yourself
Me irl
I wish I could lose pounds as fast as the UK:/
And I'm East bound wit the slave tmrw
Holy fuck. I'm no longer an intern ever again.
Me irl
As an economist UK leaving the US has some massive macro headwind implications
Me irl
the absolute mad man, he actually did it!
Road trip in days can't wait to elore the East with some OGs
Me irl
Me irl

I move across the country in like weeks and I haven't packed a damn thing lmfao
Fellas
me too thanks
Hahahaha dude miles she's gon die
I start doing something I love and get upset because others follow suit. Like wow I am fucking petty hahaha.
Travel with and I
I am such a bitter cunt it's incredible
lowkey I'll sleep over
I'll visit you, bitter cunt

Facts. denying that.
: Good for those fans, they deserve it since they have to deal with living in Ohio.
% he did
yeah we are different but average fan won't know. But I get your point for sure m8
our views are just gonna differ. Obvi I didn't want cavs to win. But they deserved it. Warriors shit the bed &and; cavs showed up
no one will remember who he played. % of people couldn't name a single team MJ beat. You gotta win given the chance.
-0 is perfect tho. You can't argue against it. He cleaned up shop every time. To fail times is not good. Just my opinion.
not discrediting this finals. But -6 is not a great finals record.
Warriors will be looked at as the biggest choke artists in NBA history probably as well.
Also -6 in the finals is still piss poor. Lol
Can never hear about getting one for the land ever again. Thank god.
as many finals losses as Mj has wins. Not even a top .
Curry is such a fuck up.
Me irl
Views
Deez nutz is on fire
What a fantastic weekend, got to visit my grandmother and kayak apostle islands and hike Devils lake with
Me irl
Isn't nature beautiful?

LMfaooo
Poor start to the year, -1. Lost to a bunch of year olds. Time to put in the work..
: “We build too many walls and not enough bridges.” - Isaac Newton
Tripping roads with
: Tickets for 's concert on Oct. are on sale tomorrow at am. Win two tickets before the on sale.  + foll…
my god I'm not a lebron fan but the amount of disrespect LMAO
Me irl
Me irl
I'ma fall in
Can't wait to kayak these bitches tmrw
jokes on them I'm
the recency bias, it hurts
LMFAO IS A BITCH
Also bench Harrison Barnes he's trash
sry if you're -6 in the finals you'll never be the goat
Lmao Tristan Thompson is a pussssssy
: Lock In!
: Two weeks until I road trip with the homies ‍‍
I had to put my grades up for adoption because I couldn't raise them
: Me irl
get off me irl lol
Gonna need a physical of this lmaoooo
imagine what the year was like for you.
Holy fuck lmaoooo
Me irl
days to trip
The more you cling to love, the more you're gonna lose your mind
: Well, that was
Beyond obsessed with
Day

u and I and Matt all irl
if you love being depressed I suggest looking through my depressing ass account Liv lmfao
me irl
Only the brave find hope in a second chance
: You're hanging with your girl and this guy smacks her ass. What do you do?
o shit wadduo
rinse and repeat next week️️
it happens when I finally get some touches m8! Beautiful link up play
lmfaoooo
match of the man
: Man of the match
is Carlos up? I need to get picked up from the train loll
not when I don't change as a human bean
reaction pics don't change faggot

My boy perry a savage

he doesn't tho.... Hahahahaha
Donald still roasted her ass.
Never forget
Me irl
good lookin
so avoid going home this way?
Scares the shit out of me when someone is driving and with a death grip on the wheel.
Me irl
Me irl
Me️irl
Also road trip like days
days
days
"equal opportunity employer"
Me irl
Can someone take me out? Like on a date or with a sniper rifle.... I don't care, surprise me.
Me irl
Me and mah baws
*eats snack while looking for a better snack*
I'm anon it changes nada
ok I'll let it slide but don't forget where you came from
should I tell her, Matt?
why matt




Insane how big home court is for the dubs

Draymond Green is that mentally retarded looking dude that somehow balls out
let's gooooooooo!!!!!
honorable
: to pay tribute for your death
why did u post a pic of me
: Lock In!
I am going to find a trail and I am going to run ok
haha thanks bro I'll bag one eventually
too bad almost doesn't cut it lmfao
Almost comical how out of form I am. goals in like matches lol
Wyoming is easily a top most beautiful state in the US.
funerals do that for me
I come off as the most selfish cunt but Idc
When you do whatever the fuck you want when you want cause you prioritize yourself &gt;
Hey guys. RIP my wallet.
Ok don't worry guys I'll be the odd one out who doesn't post a pic of a celebrity I hardly knew anything about claiming I was a big fan
days
I bet that with this pen I could draw attention
Good lord this new Ye track
GUCCI MANE AND IM ABOUT TO PUT MY YEEZYS ON
I would do anything except stop eating food to get abs

: Lock In!
Me irl
I would never die for my beliefs because I might be wrong
When your dad does the running man challenge but never comes home
Me irl
: I fucks wit botH I'm jus Here for da memes r wateva dem sHits called
Me irl
Drug dealers anonymous y'all think Ubers the future, our cars been autonomous
Me irl
Me irl
Literally cannot get over how hard this Pusha T x Jay z song is

Life made me ambidextrous, countin with my right, whippin white with my left wrist
days

how many Pepperonis is that
Me irl

Warriors haters out here like
: Just got word from " The BasedGod " that the thunder will not be beating the Warriors in the playoffs series,Durant is…
What an amazing series nonetheless wow
Choklahoma City
Squidwards house on fire now
lmfao
dude lmfaooooo

Klay fucking Thompson
Friend: I have a secret, I'd have to kill you if I told you though Me: I'm all ears
holy shit this account is run by the saltiest cunt in the world LMFAO
: FP: Real Madrid -1 Atlético de Madrid (5-3). ¡SOMOS CAMPEONES DE EUROPA!
: Penalti : Real Madrid -3 Atlético
LA UNIDECIMA!!!!!!
SIIIIIIIIIIIIIII CAMPEONES!!!!!
: ' ¡GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL de ! Real Madrid -0 Atlético :…
capitan!!!!!!!!!!!!
Me irl
Me irl
lmfaoooooooo
you're made of crayolas
Can't believe and I have been dating since he was

&and; hitting Minehaha Falls with
GET TO SEE MY BOI VINNY TOMORROW
nah his waves verse was bad. But his Nina Chop verse was flames.
Don't claim you're "self made" when you know damn well people helped you do the things you did.
dazzzzzze
Me irl
Me irl
irl
Free country they say that shit in Tennessee, cause I got all they white daughters drinking Hennessy DROPTHATSHITCHANCE
hey
Honestly being pumped for California levels have peaked
Same
even if she's manual
you won't find anyone who likes spongebob more than I do tho
: Beautiful day for some soccer
Holy fuck the earth is so cool
Going to start parting with some material items too. Just don't use them anymore and no sense in lugging them around the world.
I honestly think I will elore all continents in my life.
Learn about yourself. Investing in yourself is the most valuable thing you can do.
The best car in the world will not take you to the right place if you do not know where you want to go.
Still don't get how the ugliest motherfuckers date the hottest girls hahaha
Me irl
I'm trying to watch the cavs game not listen to them bitch about the NBA.
Holy fuck these NBA commentators are so salty about Draymond. Get the fuck over it and move on lol.
well yes
days
Me irl
y'all are like . Go enjoy life lol
Can't wait to be hanging with Buffalo this Thursday

*under breath* holy shit
Some people love talking about themselves and don't reciprocate conversation. Balance and learn about others. doesn't revolve around you
I have papers
Me irl
always m8
Neature
me too thanks
Me irl
Elore the
: Starved Rock park was dope. w/
after listens I can confirm Ariana's new album is flame
actually I'm smashing PnD
Lost in the tomorrow
Binge watching Netflix until I hate myself
days
Wish I was in Cali already so I could just go chill by the ocean while everyone's busy
you're so fucking autistic it hurts
Holy fuck Hahahaha
Me irl
you def ain't a good boy
for the watch
: day shoutout to the real MVP
holy fuck that's so close fuck yes
Bermuda
Cesar eats ass

it's what I do
gotchu fam
now pay me for your flight
Completely checked out of Wisconsin.
Me irl
Me irl
Me irl
I get more upset about people thinking they know memes than I should lmfao

: career choices: . just sit here
he can't even

this couch?
damn you can see Colorado all the way from Santa Ana?
Can't believe I'm living in an apartment complex with palm trees. Never dreamed of this in a million years.
My new home in July
: yes, please do fuck with my head
me irl stated this
: "Whenever I see space shit on my timeline I just think: there's Dylan."
Me irl
Me irl
Just the three of us: You Me And this brick wall you built between us.
Scored twice finally. Not so shit after all.
Me too thanks actually tho
Do you ever see your face from another angle and have a mental breakdown? No? Just me...
Im naturally funny cause my whole life is a joke
I love them
New
And we back
Me irl
Alaundecima
Me irl
craves BK hotdogs
The thunder are running it got damn!!!
The guy driving in front of me jus signaled left then cut a hard right straight into the ditch lmfao wtf
days️
Literally just want to nap
you'd still smash tho
Me irl
"It doesn't matter what you look like on the outside" Me: oh thank god "It's who you are on the inside" Me: dang
Man the are fun to watch
Life is so fantastic
That's what I like about you
My father took me into the city
I identify as sorrow
So booked today
Still don't understand how some people hate views but music is subjective
: Golden State's Steph Curry is the first uimous MVP in NBA history.
Saturated
your telling me
days
This is why I don't waste my time with women

They told me not to fall in love that shit is pointless
Me irl
Cute girls fall in love with the ugliest dudes lmao
Wake up Mr. Mendez
They told me not to fall in love that shit is pointless
Pretty much have influenced the style of all my friends. But they have influenced mine as well.
I own a gun so that if there's a break in, I can just shoot myself to avoid human interaction
may the noose be around my neck
: oh shit waddup
As Springtime approaches, crushing suicidal thoughts give way to more light hearted and carefree suicidal thoughts.
I have dat boi memes saved on my phone. Who am I.
How did I finesse all of this shit from Jane and Weston
Me irl
Me irl
sgo

who'd a thought ?
I'm depressing
: it's going to get worse before it gets worse
I sexually identify as dat boi
Me irl
days
gon be mad when he find out I have the mediocre s drink cup tee
I can finally say I'm done with college. Accounting classes for PDP done.

let's get one
Bernie smiling at the guy and addressing the dude who told the billionaires to fuck off was hilarious. What a legend.

Clemson's new assistant coach is named "Dick Bender" Hahahaha
Can't wait to be in Cali and surrounded by crippling depression
Me irl
so was i
ur girl a beta
SAMs a fucking beta
Me irl
stop shooting s morons
Me irl
How do people yell at their dog? I could never they're too loveable.
You know I had to

Well and I kept our pact from December. If win the league we buy jerseys. Status: fulfilled
: Final de de mayo de Milán, Italia
Me irl
lol forgot about that
bet your ass
touché
Diet starts tomorrow
Jus saw a lady talking on a Motorola Razr lol holy throwback
Guess I'll eat my words
How is Toronto still in the playoffs?
Twitter not telling me when someone follows me. But I got you
So should I accept Donald trump as our overlord now? Because that's life.
Now they can begin investigating the zodiac killer case
So glad that Ted Cruz is no longer a candidate
don flipped the script on my ass
I bet that Jon be tweeting back like a pillar oF salt UHHHHHHHHHH
why u tell her she's beautiful then
y'all still going home
FUCK NO DONALD
days

Me irl
said they were for vibes for the fashion show
: i tell myself everyday that dieting starts tomorrow
Words can't describe how cute you are.... But numbers can /10
O shit waddupppp
False. They won't necessarily be featured but have confirmed to have "worked on" the project
I got responsibilities the people that I need
: Leicester City. Chandions of England.
Me irl
Married in our s where's the fun in that? My city love me like a college running back
Me irl
Me irl
already did ash

for now ....
Can't believe my flight to Cali is booked and everything. Before I know it I'll be there.
Me irl
Feel a way feel a way young nigga feel a way I've stopped listening to things you say
hating $$
: Dudes be '7" talkin bout "i love short girls', stfu you are a short girl
Me irl
Me irl
am Dave
Diet actually starts tomorrow
oops
Out here
Me irl
When you send her a dick pic and she tweets:
Me irl
Me irl
días
Me irl
Me irl
Oh shittttt whadduuppp!!!!!!
Me irl
Me irl
Me irl
Me irl
I'm happiest when I can buy what I want get high when I want
I'm on top
Me irl
translate from Slovenian
Nothing mutual about my funds, bout my funds tho. All you niggas fightin over crumbs, where the bread at
a potato flew around my room
GTA V loading screen
u been thinking about ur ex bud?
only God can judge me fuccboi and he ain't real so no one judges me
Real talk I would fucking rep the shit outta that jacket
lmfao u young what about this dude
Relationships slowin me down, they slow down the vision, guess I'm not in a position to deal with commitment
Got damn this is the iciest photo
Me irl
you're not at your exes house nor crying. So this is false.
Still here FUCKING bangs
Even has a pimp c tribute
Loving this PAY feature
Views will be AOTY I have no doubts
Redemptions on your mind when you think about me
Drake heavy with the memes on Weston road flows lmao
Prediction: people will bang "hype" at parties
Feeling this beat on feel no ways
U with me? - Drake. Highly recommend.
Tipoff at AM tomorrow would appreciate the support if you guys could be there, thanks
Me and is like a Kobe &and; Phil
thnkgod I'll never c u again
So fucking hype for Views tonight
SMFH
What you need your ex for I'm triple X lawdddddd
Spring awakening ticket bought
Me irl
Me irl
: Jordan and I love eachother

Bitch im the answer never question
Me irl
: hey baby you forgot your ray bans
Bernie Sanders combs his hair with a balloon
: Tracklist
days hehe
oh no. My account glorifies depression. Let it happen.
Me irl
 me
How the fuck does anyone hate EDM? So much energy and positivity.
if you're depressed but think it's hilarious
retarded by association
you sound retarded
yes
if everyone else in the room is retarded are you still retarded ?
r u fckn retarded
lol fuck I'd love to have this convo with you
Kek
RIP Clippers
tyvm
be that friend for me?
: try this: dig a rectangular hole, lay in it, and have a friend fill it in.
days
Me irl
Me irl
Me irl
Discover says, "we'll match your miles for the first year." Lol RIP you're gonna owe me -4 flights Bruh.
We'll do anything we dream about, how about now
Where should I elore around here that I haven't been yet? Hmmmm


Why Cesar look like my mom cleaning the house on a sabado?
Me irl
me irl
bcuz ur a beta
Def gonna see drake and Kanye when I'm out in LA
Me irl
it's actually me irl thanks
it's kinda fucked up how me that is
Me irl
Me irl
Me irl

Fraklebrothers
Me irl
alright I'll add him
Me irl
Me irl
you're fucked up
nah I don't follow anyone rly
high key same
Get busy living, or get busy dying
got damn pupper
Lol
Moon looks exactly like my tattoo
The moon looks raw af
: sorry i can't go to your party i'm scared of human interaction
: When k lags (Vine by Euphoria)
The leg kick LMFAO
sgo

Me irl
Me irl
Me irl
HAHAHAHAHHAA
that is correct Blake
just the lyrics tho not beats
Don't choose Hillary, Bill never did
When shows you his ass

Me irl
days til road trip, days til new job
Me irl
The Ryan Reynolds commercial where he goes "IN MY FACE" gets me every time
: textin and drivin down legion drive thats why id rather take the
: it made me sad seeing you because i realized i don't care anymore what you think of me &and; i miss caring what my fantasy of y…
Runners high such a beautiful feeling
can u be sad like me pls
days
Roses are red, tacos are enjoyable, don't blame a Mexican just because you're unemployable.
April
Rocket league basketball coming soon
/20 the day where people who already smoke pot everyday, smoke some more pot
If Barcelona bottle this I'm gonna literally laugh so hard
Do you have trouble making decisions?: Yes ️ No ️ Unsure
why can't you hang yourself like a normal person. If you're feeling adventurous hang yourself from a national monument.
amateur. Death is the ultimate goal.
Since it's such a nice day I think I might hang myself outside instead of in my attic
Wonderful it's going to be Trump vs Clinton in the general. Way to fucking go America.
hell yeah cum over my cesar
Being lonely is better than forcing it with the wrong person just to have someone.
think it's the weather
Idk why I've been in such a bad mood this week. Life is great. I have nothing to be upset about.
Auto correct is savage
Anyone wanna go to Walmart
HAHAHAHAHAHAHHA
Me to : you're getting kinda chubby you should workout :
word on he street is me too tha ks
Had to cop
A golden retriever
Tbh I wish I had a dog
Some days I'm in my Yeezys Some days I'm in my chanclas
días
sock darts not on ID yet?
Me irl
meet you there for lunch at

If I had to describe myself in one word it would be, "bad at following directions"
That Steph commercial hahahahaha
: First , first -second ad.
daze
: $1 subs at Jimmy John's from :00am-3:00pm on April st,  to save a life.
Always remember who supported you and your vision.
Betz goes I heard you're patient so I let you wait min outside for me to open the door
Pretty fucked up when people can't appreciate what you do for them.
Hey it's your über driver.. Am outside
Soccer shape soon
Whenever the gyms closed I swear I have a shitty day

you're irrelevant
tomato, tomato
better consider me crew or you're MIA
it will when lightning strikes you
supposed to rain next two days let's play today
Got approved for a big boy credit card. Oh god.
Soccer tn ?
max r u ok
The wiggles are here to pick you up
I want a girl who loves me as much as Sam hates
: Wilmot today:
holy shit
dad
Tatted on a whim again? Yep

: don't talk to me or my son ever again
:
Gonna grind out lbs a week for weeks. Hopefully end my cut after.
Pretty sure I could pass as a tomato rn
Talking to Steve about his wedding &gt;
Barcelona having a proper meltdown
Me irl
Betz goes I know you like rock stars bro so I left an empty one in your car
Game day! Feel I'm in better form, let's net one today ️

YESSSSSSS GOAL LEICESTER!!!!
Wow Leicester can rescue a point here after a melt down.Please bury it.
Real Cesar hours still
Real Cesar hours
Real Venetian hours
They liked Pablo, why are all the windows tinted on your Tahoe? Why do you know every single bitch that I know?
Giving bae a long overdue wash
Overdue for a whoosh day
Ochenta días
it's the games tendency to go down because without going down there is no call. Just sadly what the modern day caters to.
all you guys too ^ take notes fish



Solid soccer session
me looking at phils bank account balance
me too
me trying to figure out how many times you'll watch their vid



feed me the ball out wide
I got my shot back so watch out. I'll be firing.
Riley is kill
can't u read

Sunday is gonna be lit. Got my shot back ️️️️️
Solid soccer session
️
well yeah that's why I tweeted it
Tan up and drop a few more lbs and I'll be Cali ready ️
Mapping out all the National Parks I can hit on my way to SC
Sock Darts
días
: hits threes and you call him the greatest. I hit threes and apparently I have low standards.

Kobe tonight
:
: I don't care if he's retired, I'm still saying Kobe after I make last cup in beer pong
Also still going to yell Kobe everytime I shoot a ball until the day I die. Thanks for everything mamba !
I can't believe Steph hit s this year. I can't imagine this will happen ever again. Incredible.
This has got to be the most incredible night of basketball in history
: Wtf is life rn?!
Me irl
wait whose in the semis?


HAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHAH why can't they both lose?
The trouble is, you think you have time
: shoutout to the real
Make sure to show appreciation for those that you love
Excited about my new shirt
fat Cesar on the beach
curvy bitch
Mood
Me irl
if it was while u were in VA I would've came thru
sometime between june25-july4
: cant spell "nudes" without "u send"
going to road trip to the carolinas during my week off between jobs
easily a % meemay

Carolinas' road trip it is
No crying Jordan's today
Thank you Madrid
Sometimes I feel like I have my life all together then I think, "wow that was a nice seconds."
lmfao it is known
It is objectively true that &gt;
Just realized I get days off in June. Road trip anyjuan?
I don't agree with anything Trump says but the fucking memes this dude has brought me is amazing
I'm just so happy lately
Casually waiting to get roasted in this long sequence of tagged tweets
Mentally preparing for Madrid to shit the bed today
DaZe
I see YE lyrics, I complete them
millions of our people lost
Darkness cannot survive in the presence of light
Lowkey ordered
Cardio = death
I could never cheat in a relationship. That would require two people to find me attractive.
When u ugly af but smile anyways
Withhhhh you in the middle
I hope that I can turn back the time to make it all alright, all alright for us
Me irl
Doctor Phil
Me irl
daze
My life is literally wasting time between meals
: !!!
-9
Where curry doe
Oh hell yeah space jam is on
Work from home is lowkey the jam
Me irl
I need to shower and do laundry and nap. But I don't feel like moving.
Dropped outta school now we dumb rich

Me irl
Me irl
Live your life in a way that you would make a positive impact if you were added into anybody's life

Don't worry password I'm insecure too
days
Me irl
Book circle and chill

Just added another trip to the Cali list days
that thread was hilarious
drama is their ego. Their sense of self. Without it they don't feel like themselves. Just some psychology mate.
days
Night all
I won't be your sugar daddy, but I'll be your Splenda daddy
ask her daughter you dip
Cheekbones lowkey an important feature on girls
I don't need anything to get me through the night except the beats that's in my heart yeah it's keeping me alive
: Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.
Do painkillers work for emotions
The present moment is all you ever have, there is never a time in your life that is not "this moment."
this tweet is lowkey Fire lmfao
Me irl
hmu after I get off work and I will
lmfao
doesn't change the fact barca was dominated the whole match
someone did not watch barca struggle all game while Madrid dominated. Also a wrongly disallowed goal would've been -1.
You're only happy when your sorry head is filled with dope, I hope you make it to the day you're years old
Only Madrid can whoop Barca and then lose to Wolfsburg in the same week. Never change Madrid.
My car is a rave at in the morning everyday
I'm wayyyyyyy too much of a morning person
Raging raging
days

: Bitches hop from relationship to relationship like yall really that lonely? Lmfaooo
Every moment is once in a lifetime. You'll never get it back. Appreciate what is now.
The sonicare tooth brush is named after the words I never heard from my father
Swearrrrrrr this classroom is


wut
thapa
hahahhaha dude I said the same thing
I was about to post this wtf lmao

Me rn
Get bent
NO WAY!!!
UNC needs to sub on MJ
Joan don't follow me but it's ok
These refs are soooo soft wtf
Do your civil duty tomorrow IF YOURE EDUCATED ON THE MATTERS. Vote.
yes
Pls be healthy by Sunday quad. I want to make my outdoor debut.
maybe I'm a lil slow:/
don't act like you aren't a day either
Day s
days
I don't have a nervous system, I am a nervous system
wat are you doing with your life
Me irl
lol u wild Cesar
dingus
Bae &and; I
: lol u wild wyd tho
Rip Oklahoma
Wya tho Buddy
Holy shit Barcelona fans are so salty.
: HALA MADRID HIJOS DE PUTA PINCHE GOL DE CRISTIANO COME MIERDA BARCELONA PINCHE GOLLL
Called it
Inb4 Madrid win
:
: Started as a stan.
I can't even believe hamburger helper dropped a mixtape and it's actually HAHAHHAHAHA
: Nahhh this can't be real I am your OG and I will be respected as such
: Ahh April fools, one of the few days where my life isn't the only joke.
days
Me irl

Jus bought Calvin Klein briefs and I'm officially a tool
Big deal Jesus, so your dad sent you here to suffer and die that's what all the rest of us are doing too.
cals done. New low weight
Splitting into cardio sessions this week instead of cuz been so busy ugh. cals here we go.
Apple pies
apple pie fat ass
Me irl
Am I a good person? No. But do I try to be a better person everyday? Also no.
days
I'm tweeting to like ppl so no one really cares lol
End rant here's a meme so you kno its me
Money doesn't transcend time but your eeriences will.
Travel people. The world is massive. Don't get stuck in one place your whole life. Eerience different cultures.
Find a balance and chase your dreams
But to truly be happy requires internal peace
So in that sense money is an indirect path to things that can grant you happiness
So money gives you access to eloring who you truly are
Money doesn't buy happiness, however money let's you elore things you can become passionate about
does he follow back
Hate when this happens
Every cigarette you smoke takes min off of your student loan debt
days
: days
I swear exes peek back into your life just to fuck with you.
you look tan
days
I don't even know what song it is anymore tbh lmfao
of course you tag me in this. Jackwagon.
drones r bad
'9" Born in Mexico. Moved to US Lakewood graduate Wilmot graduate former dishwasher current prep cook. Fwm beta
im beating it in class. Help.
your inner beta is showing
Jon the type of dude to set a am alarm just to tweet "time to get this money" then go back to sleep
meet me in la we can go
is the weakest Presidential candidate ever. Won't debate over someone tone? But she interrupts him every debate
Me irl
Swear to god everyone has a bf/gf these days
Kamikaze - MØ

*disapproving scoff*
ANIMAL CONTROL: what the hell were you thinking Me: releasing birds at a wedding is romantic ANIMAL CONTROL: you released ostriches
Me irl
Me irl
mo
me too thanks
*donates body to science* Science: no thank you
Me irl
Me irl
Never give up on your dreams, they come true if you work for them. Still in disbelief.
damn that's rough
he gives good neck
come with
you'll have me up until about weeks before season
IM MOVING TO LA IN JULY!!!
Jared Fogle scored cafeteria job serving sandwiches in prison. Holy shit the irony.
Me irl
Me irl
Me irl
The word Namaste is offensive in the US. In Australia "Sup Cunt" is a warm greeting. Way to go USA.
Me irl
Holy shit I think I got me irl spreading around like wild fire.
oh dope I'm gonna eat all
Yeet Yeet
u think they resemble eggs?
Ok need to read a chapter in my new book now that I finished the other one
I need to know serious
now we're talkin
did he say serious?
I'm like this many old
oh good, you think having all for breakfast is ok?
Has anyone tried these egg whites before? Going to try them tomorrow. Macros seem odd for egg whites g fat?
Honestly it'll be kinda cool to see the s for the first time in years
the key is to be a cal surplus for months then at a cal deficit for years
A month cut ain't shit after years of growing
Starting to feel leaner but wish my abs didn't lean so late in my cuts. -7 more weeks probably.
chocolate shake
Lost lbs in weeks. Eating pizza, candy, chipotle, even went out everyday in NYC. Track your shit people it ain't hard.
Me irl
I jus wanna know where I'm moving in July
: No matter where you work or what you do, your birth control decisions should be up to you.
exactly dude no reason to
fuck tidal
only days late on that buddy
Happy I didn't buy lolla tickets. Line up is meh.
Me irl
you're both boners
me too thanks
Me trying to deposit a check in my bank
My coachella tickets here
My pilot was lit af

this reaction makes way more sense
Me irl
except pizza
Xavier team photo
get bent m8
WHAT A SHOT ON WISCONSIN!!!
: CMON WISCONSIN LETS GO
Bronson got damn
why is Remington twitchin
plenty bro just ask
dank gif m8
supersize
way to jinx the Iowa upset
NYC is so dope I don't want to leave tomorrow night
crayon
Was just like ft from Lauren Cohen from walking dead. So that was cool.
Try reading stuff you're actually interested in. Crazy how glued to it you can be.

I need a girl who's a: Lady in the streets Freak in the sheets Cory in the house
In all its glory, Starry Night, Vincent Van Gogh
: its okay. they come n go
im hip hopping the propaganda
foh I'm a hour ahead of ur bitchass
The new World Trade Center
ayyyyy corona
Chewy&and;I hyperspeed

Brooklyn Bridge
Out here in NYC at the launch


Life is precious. Thousands died on /11 without having a clue it was coming. Never take anything for granted.
Grand Central Terminal
time sq ad free edition
I shouldn't have paid for the ad free version
Life is such a cool thing.
Come over
Simply wow
hahahahhahahahahah yes
No tourney or memes this weekend. My life is weird rn lol.
Good morning, America.


Empire State of Mind

Lol Chicago traffic ain't shit
Gonna take a break from memes this weekend
Touchdowned NYC
Aeroplane surfing
Gonna needs me a caffeine ASAP rocky
lol all too real bro
oh fuck I'll actually be here
huh TIL
There's a way to get your dreams without falling asleep
I still haven't packed. Guess I'll just buy all my clothes when I get there.
Me irl
Can't wait to demolish this orange chicken for lunch tomorrow. But pickles for now
it's for the better believe me
Me irl
main food group
Mom is lit
Ain't enough money in the world
A meme a day keeps the noose away
Me irl
Pretty sure % of people I graduated high school with are trying to sell shit for some company in pyramid scheme fashion lmfao

honestly the whole things a toss up this year.
who have lost of their last . They're on fire
then Kansas v Syracuse
Wisconsin
neither.
: , please join us in wishing a very Happy Birthday!
Right now :/
My boi is a math major hit him up with your basic math problems
Everyone watching Noah build the ark during a drought
Me irl
Yo I need him
K
No wonder draymonds a triple double machine
My boy is in NYC rn. Took this pic. Can't believe I'll be here in days.
After I cook up this ground turkey for my pizza maa
Guess I'll hop on league
THIS UCONN GAME OMG
trickle down economics is a flawed theory that does not work
I'm not sure how anyone can listen to speak and not be inspired to help change this country for the better
Me irl
Gon be a long day. :30 and already starving
Another tat coming Pre-April..
THOSE BICEPS
Me irl
: balloons. drained pools. the emptiness inside. fill them all with syrup.
Down lbs
: Yes maybe one day we will play a round of golf together...
How are broke college students spending spring break on the islands and international? Somebody's lying...
eAh
Always remember you are a product of your environment
si Kieres, vayamos
pednut butter
sry they make me feel sexc
*air horn sound* *second air horn sound* Me: "this isn't deodorant"
Age : the floor is lava! Hahahah Age : the stable Adult relationship is lava! Hahahaha
Mood
Me irl
Pan flute single handedly has changed my life
Tropical House cures depression
sry
Me irl
Me irl
photos of you that would be
hopes and dreams ️️ gonna make them come true
: To think by mid summer my bro, , and I may all be living in Cali
Really intrigued by photography, would like to learn
and it's Tuesday, so still ahead of schedule
It's only Monday and I have already given up on this week, I was hoping to make it to Wednesday, but hey at least I'm ahead of schedule
Meirl
Me irl
Mood
Seasonal Affective Disorder is sooooo real. Soon as it got warm I'm significantly happier.
How odd is it to be haunted by someone that is still alive
memes are nothing without me, without my memes I am nothing
A lot of people getting married, having kids, settling down. Weird to think that could be me. Very happy with where I am in life.
you are a dank meme Matt
Me_irl
Me_irl
You know you're a s kid when you have no good source of income and want to die
Me_irl
me_irl get it right
me rn
tbh u r my ex gf
give me good reasons not to
hmu
fuck up fuck up
don't make me tweet your story
omg you noticed me
Ask yourself this

I am happy that's just the saddest lie
Lit

Me irl
Gino's East in the city
: "Blooooooon anmls"

Me irl
Me irl
Leaving for NYC in weeks
Hip hop and the propaganda say they name brand, but I done seen how the xan did my main man
Ya mcm sets an alarm for am to tweet, "time to get this money" then goes back to sleep

and your hearts the moon, and I'm aiming right you
Don&and;Jardin Thursdays
both are sus. These all I need.
Also having pizzaMe_irl
You know you're a s kid when you have no good source of income and want to die
Me_irl
me_irl get it right
me rn
tbh u r my ex gf
give me good reasons not to
hmu
fuck up fuck upIf young metro don't trust you...
Embarassed at the south. The way you voted may ruin the future of this country.
"In the End, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends." - Martin Luther King Jr.

Heck, my man Dan
Me irl
Next....
Me irl
Exes always just wanna know what you're doing.
realest ool quote of all time
: people are so accustomed to settling for anything just to say they have something

Honestly just want to eand these tats
*philisophical quote*

Whose Leo and why is a lion nominated for a Brazilian soccer player?

Lowkey low wiper fluid is my fav song all time
it's past jons curfew. Mom is mad.
Me irl
I love Zezar
Me irl
Damnnnn Messi back at it again with the Free Kick goals
🦄

reporting in as comments like
: You can pretend to be a cabbage by painting your self green and curling up on the floor and never moving until you die…
: I told my mom I want to be a cabbage when I am older and she said "youre year old you need to get the hell out of m…
: Thank you for playing the game of basketball, Steph Curry. There are no words.
Steph Curry is Jesus Christ himself
I met this milf at the all star getting action, a cougar with more rings than Phil Jackson

They say good things come to those who wait, so I'm gon be at least about an hour late
Fam
hahahahahha hahahahahhahahahaaha
"You're gonna hate yourself in the morning if you stay up late" Jokes on you I'm gonna hate myself in the morning no matter what
should've tbh

Rocket league provides AMPLE entertainment
If this party ain't got hoes, my intros my outro
FREE YEEZYS FOR ME!?
: I'm tired of trying to figure out how mr.krabs daughter is a fuckin whale
Me irl
damn Dylan you sound angry

Me irl
Who is Messi?
I send emails a day of course it's the future
Every cute girl under has a boyfriend.
Me irl
damnnnnnnn dylan
Fred is love, Fred is life
you're full of shit bottom left is your fav
Gonna get tatted again, been too long
-1. The lads don't quit.
Me irl
: Yes of course I got your text - I'm just ignoring it. Don't make it weird.
: Oh God. I just realized I'm stuck with me my whole life.
Why do people applaud after a movie? Seriously?
JUS DID THE SAME THING HAHA

When did I become so delirious to take life serious?
Im a G, I need privacy, the media never been kind to me

IF YOUNG METRO DONT TRUST IM GON SHOOT YOU
Me irl
hope she lands in my whip
:
Me trying to get Yeezys
: Does Young Metro trust ?

Praying to Yeezus tonight.
hook me up with some Yeezys
Lets turn this warzone into a calzone
Some days I'm in my Yeezys some days I'm in my vans
not these hoes
made in America

Let's go
best passage is "Lunch :35"
Meirl
Me irl
ain't gotta tell me ool
cuz you're dead inside
We made it in americaaaaaaa
were him and I chatting ?

GOD DAMN, got a bald fade, I might slam, pink fur got Nori dressing like Cam
It took months to the Maybach all matted out and my assistant crashed it as soon as they backed it out
SCARY
that's actually factual
Meirl
New phone who dis
Me irl
Me irl
My hamster woke af
My fav bible verse is Lunch :35
Find someone who believes in you the way Kanye believes in Tidal.
Tmrl homie lol


Me irl
Bernie irl
: My daughter's only months old and already drawing. I'd hang it on the fridge but honestly, it's absolute garbage.
Meirl
Me irl
If I knew we had plans I wouldn't have popped the xans
YEEZY YEEZY YEEZY JUS JUMPED OVER JUMPMAN
: Ye has always made better music than me. He makes better music than everybody.
Meirl
Me irl
ORlyKanye?
: Please give us a call about your job application. Thanks.
: Steph Curry finished the All-Star Game with a bang:
Pleased with the teams ability to recover from a -1 deficit today. -5 victory and to -1 we go. Coaching is fun.
you got me bb
Couldn't tell you much about the fam doe
Me irl
I'm a dead beat cousin I hate family reunions, fucked the church up by drinking at the communion
After my first listen to Pablo I give it a /10
tidal homie
was right, the Beat on waves got damn
I just keep on loving you baby, and there's no one who can take your placeeeee
Free Pablo
Me irl
SCARY
I feel like Pablo when I'm sitting on your couch
: All we ask is that you wear pants.

No more pizza parties in LA baby please no more pizza parties in LA
How you say pizza in Spanish, me no Pablo

Kanye is mastering the album in his studio on the water planet in Interstellar.
Me before waiting for TLOP vs me now
Every time I breathe on a track I asthma attack it
Me_irl
This is my part nobody else speak this is my part nobody else speak
If you fall on the concrete that your ass fault
Waiting for Pablo like
When you wake up to + Ye tweets and none are the album link
I feel like Pablo when I'm sliding in cez's DMs
Wake up Mr. West
: Done.
: I fought everyone to keep Waves on the album. I spent all night finishing it. The world is better because of it.
waiting....
n I'm sitting on your couch
: All we ask is that you wear pants.
nan
No more pizza parties in LA baby please no more pizza parties in LA
How you say pizza in Spanish, me no Pablo
nan
Kanye is mastering the album in his studio on the water planet in Interstellar.
Me before waiting for TLOP vs me now
Every time I breathe on a track I asthma attack it
Me_irl
This is my part nobody else speak this is my part nobody else speak
If you fall on the concrete that your ass fault
Waiting for Pablo like
When you wake up to + Ye tweets and none are the album link
I feel like Pablo when I'm sliding in cez's DMs
Wake up Mr. West
: Done.
: I fought everyone to keep Waves on the album. I spent all night finishing it. The world is better because of it.
waiting....
