Roll up in the bitch still smell like an ounce Right quick, right quick Tight jeans on so she feels my shit
Somethin Tells Me by Bryson Tiller
Making major changes to the life I'm living I had no choice, I had to prove I made the right decisions

: tell your friends you love them while you still have the chance
Damn was raw as fuck last night
Hey Arnold (Remi by Rico Nasty
: Wounded people sing better songs
Know the strands you like, know the brands you like What kind of man you like? Wanna eand your life
All We Need feat. Shy Girls - Dzeko &and; Torres Remix Radio Edit by ODESZA
: Quote of the day:
: "Everything with a title eventually comes to an end" -
: Here's a dog realizing he can stand in a pool
I recommend reading the book How to Stop Worrying and Start Living by Dale Carnegie! Could help you out some
: Healing is not a one time thing. It's an on going process. It will not happen over night and the scars will stay with us for…
: Be a blessing to someone other than yourself...
Can we freeze karma and surrender our rights and wrongs Can we just for a night let the stars decide where we belong
: Self awareness is the jam!
Being up by is pretty boring
Same concept
: JR....swish!
I read in the book Secrets of the Millionaire Mind (one of my favorites) how that isn't always the best thing to do
Do you treat yourself the way you want other people to treat you?
I cannot believe that people still use Facebook
: there’s a reason why I do everything alone
Been That Way by Bryson Tiller
: Mood:
Nothing at all just always wanted to say those lyrics
and going through a midlife crisis
That's the beta alanine brah
I once contemplated suicide And would've tried, but when I held that All I could see was my mama's eyes
I was literally just thinking this today bro!
: No one has the same vision as you, so don't be surprised when people don't see things the same way you do.
: ur mcm doesn't eat ass
: note to self : don't be distracted
It's a Tiller type of day
Don't get your ass beat bro
: We all eat lies, when our hearts are hungry.
First things first
Do it you won't
My drafts are filled with garbage
Happy birthday brodie
: Quote of the day:
: no matter what u do in life, before u die, leave at least one honest exandle of urself. contribute something genuine. leave…
One life to live, it's so hard to be positive
He's gonna be playing on that hoop until he's
Mindless scrolling
: Be mindful of who you surround yourself with️
Those weak ass triple-doubles don't even count
: The school system conditions kids to conform to a limited system of thought, obey authority, work long hours, &and; compare…
One of the best post-workout meals you can have!
Dudes verified!!
: Whatever costs you your peace is too eensive.
: Quote of the day:
: surround yourself with people who congratulate your growth and success. brthers
Been making hella progress lately
And all this time I thought you were baked
The amount of free marketing they got is insane
: LeBron so disrespectful
: ur wcw cares more about vaping than you
You're a fraud
She want a nigga that pull her hair and hold the door for her
: Kyrie OFF THE GLASS to LeBron!
You're old
: Wearing the same outfit from yesterday ️
: Quote of the day:
-800-273-8255 by Logic
I already follow people bro! Let me find someone to unfollow quick
Does anyone else play a song times in a row when they like it? Asking for a friend
: Lavar Ball in the Nike boardroom pitching Big Baller Brand like
Inspired
And Giannis is an idiot for not shooting a three at the end 🤔
The Bucks blew this game twice
LOVE. FEAT. ZACARI. by Kendrick Lamar
:
: it's okay, i'd leave myself on read too
: A young year old cent spitting some fire before he was famous
There's nothing more that I hate than small talk
: Queens inspire Kings
: Quote of the day:
: when you realize the warriors didn't actually need you, they just needed you not to be on OKC
What if you die in the meantime?
I'm seein' nothin' but my dreams comin' true While I'm starin' at the world through my rearview
Anyone else miss Obama as much as me right now?
: LeBron.
TEEN by Khalid
Dude says "tried once"
People like you more when you workin' towards somethin' Not when you have it
I really don't
: Twitter: A subtweet with "️" at the end.
: I've had my share of ups &and; downs, times when there was no one around...
Well I guess Trump's in today (still) candaigning. Good thing I'll be out of town by noon
By Your Side by Jonas Blue
I been thinking About my vision Pour out my feelings Revealing the layers to my soul
: Space Aliens may be surprised to learn that Humans have multiple languages &and; cultures and we kill one another because of it.
: Quote of the day:
At the end of the day you only got a few friends that'll keep their word with you and go out of their way for you when you need it.
: Too many are obsessed with things they want and goals and dreams instead of of being OBSESSED with the Journey And the climb .…
: LOVE ️
: therapist: maybe constantly tweeting abt ur emotions but not dealing w them isnt healthy? me: wow sandra that's how u ge…
Picture me rollin' in my Benz I got no love for these niggas, there's no need to be friends
At least Future's banger was better than any of these will be...
What is he Future now and needs two albums just to make a handful of good songs?
This dude Kendrick's comparing himself to Jesus and has three good songs on his album
"They got money for wars but can't feed the poor" - Tupac Shakur
Us when we meet


: When you've played Xbox live for so long you don't even trip. lol
: A female either gonna help you stay focused or distract you
I no longer bury demons I be a vessel for the truth until I'm barely breathing
: It's important to grow through what you go through.
Deron Williams is out here playing like it's 🤔
Can you even get tattoos yet?
: "Today is the youngest you will ever be. Live like it." - on the best advice he's ever received.
: Reminded everyday why I don't fuck with these goofballs.
: When you’re sad and listen to sad music on purpose and get sadder…
You still suck
Real recognizes real
By the looks of it probably spanked
We don't sleep when the sun goes down We don't waste no precious time
: I'm sure those extra likes you buy for your photos on IG helps people remember how cool you are
Bro I swear you've been meditating lately
: The substance of the universe is consciousness. Matter is just an illusion of perception.
This is why you're perfect
Dudes got some fans
The complainer is always right.
: "Girls find out everything"
Living Single by Big Sean
Take advantage, don't leave my heart damaged To understand that things go a little bit better when you plan it...
In high school all of the 'weird' kids were the ones who had shit figured out all along.
Electric (feat. Khalid) by Alina Baraz
: Never cared about acceptance
trolls are everywhere on the Internet but usually a therapist works
"he wasn't in no accident, his shoes don't even got creases"
the comments are hysterical
because Spring semester has a longer period of Winter
he better not be sending Zoe those texts
you two kill me
People underestimate how much having the right network matters.
depression
: . when will you address the eloding cost of college and the problem of student debt ?
I'm even more glad I deleted mine now
: I feel like a lot of people are just looking for something to be offended by lol
You know that shits real when you're having a conversation over text and Snapchat at the same time
Do I really have to put "I'm joking" before all my tweets so you pussies don't get so triggered? Y'all take life too serious
you back again bitch?
I wish I had something funny to say back to that but that was good
the same shitty school as your bro until I found out college is a scam
watch out bro! The family of ego might come and tear you apart
by the way dude was just trying to hangout with me a few weeks ago. Funny thing is he slid into my IG DMs
yeah bro and developing an app that should hopefully change a lot of people's lives
I love Twitter
you would know bro
I'm guessing you play at a random D3 school
What's with all these high school kids announcing they're going to some random D3 college nobodies heard about?
this is so true! Nobody can hide that gaze
Your Eyez Only by J. Cole
I swear people just like saying shit that sounds good but never mean it.
I can never sleep ’til morning on all my quiet nights But you can rest assure that my mind is right
it can be

he's such a good guy though
What if I told you that you don't have to announce every accomplishment on social media?
: "Fuck " *police officer walks by* "how's it going officer"
: This whole exchange is why I'm never leaving twitter
: Hopefully one day I can be the voice for a GPS navigator.
We think of life in terms of something that lasts forever when it could all be gone tomorrow. DO WHAT YOU FUCKING LOVE EVERY DAY!
Nobodies really there for you like they say they are.
Teenage Crime - Radio Edit by Adrian Lux
Gotta love idiots who spend their student loan money on dumb shit
happy birthday!! And I cannot believe that you're only
: one of the most bittersweet feelings has to be when you realize how much you're going to miss a moment while you're still livi…
you got all the answers Steph
did you know music came before language? We need it
on my way! But seriously I don't blame you at all, that sounds delicious, and I take my bagel game serious
what kind?
why are you joking about suicide? That's pretty fucked up man
dudes tryna capitalize upon Jon's fame
Drake's to the point where he has three good songs on a 'playlist' and people still love the shit out of it
: real talk why do girls text in all lowercase?
me too thanks!
does this mean you tweet like a girl??
Me when I found out Tomi Lahren got fired for being pro-choice and Trump's being investigated by the FBI for treaso…
maybe to see the beauty in ordinary things
check out his IG you'll die! He definitely voted for Trump
that kid is such a douchebag on IG, I don't know how he made something this funny
: Chappelle my only idol.

what if the kind of love you want in your head isn't the kind of love you need?
: Relationships fucked up social media
you
I feel like March Madness should be reffed a bit looser than the regular season but that may just be me
and all of the kids in your class who would use substances in class probably dropped out by now or go to Truvale
every class says that...
you're a freshman?
that's bullshit when people do that and are selfish in the gym. Sharing equipment is so easy to do during your rest periods
: *Everyone talks shit about trump* Bow wow: "yeah and we'll pimp your wife out lol" Everyone:
: I'll fuck around and follow you for seconds.
: Fun fact: You go to college, to pay for college.
I have one of those still in the package lol
: when u kinda wanna be back on your bullshit but you just turn down for mental and physical health purposes
it's okay she don't follow me either
she should come meet us in Chicago sometime to get some heaters for her IG
research Oxytocin and empathy, that's the main reason people are so selfish, and humans aren't supposed to be like that
people are lacking Oxytocin in their brains these days
you're gonna get kidnapped and sold into sex slavery with that sexy mug of yours
this is why you're wife goals
: When you kill the poor
I see! That's very noble of you
Future makes it seem like overdosing on drugs would be a good time
did you really decide or did others convince you it was your only option?
it actually is because in her unique case calories buy her
I wish I could eat k calories in a day
we still haven't worked out yet...
the asshole don't play
all good bro, I cried after my last game too. Excited to see where you end up playing next year
you need more of that pupper on your Snapchat!
Mood today
: Bruh what is the Phoenix Suns gorilla doing?
now you tryna compare delts? Tbh I think you got me beat
are you some type of wizard?
:
of course she has a DM
: Doc and Austin Rivers
yo Aubrey you tryna compare abs or?!
I swear makes me semi-Twitter-famous
: Commitment can't be measured until you have options...
: Instagram: Picture of a girl clearly showing off her cleavage. Her friends comment "Tits, boobs".
After all my years watching Wilmot basketball (it's been +) I finally saw them win a big game!! Y'all are lucky Latrell gets buckets
you just might
I'll give you one tonight
: This ball movement.
: My goodness.
those ice cream cones
: Baptized by Richard Jefferson
: Griff is turning Jordan McRae, Mike Dunleavy, Mo Williams and Birdman into Kyle Korver, Derrick Williams, Deron William…
I'm already in Wisconsin and have Bumble but I think you're out of my range
: Me: Look at all my Sims in the pool Inner me: Delete the ladders
you've gotta read The Power of Now or The Journey Into Yourself by Eckhart Tolle! You'll thank me later
rather than loving yourself, which comes with the contrary of hating yourself, try having no relationship with yourself at all
: One thing that she didn't do... she ain't leave when I was broke
Attention is the greatest gift you can give.
I hope he's majoring in Internet trolling because right now that's his only hope
I just can't believe that dude thinks he's the shit because he goes to UWM
by being more present in my life and realizing that other things or people won't make me happy for long
presence
You know, good girl, bad time, right place, wrong mind
I wanna hang too
: You were born with the greatest weapon in all of nature—the rational, conscious mind.
should've hit me up earlier
: Always a nigga making 5 an hour wanna tell me about my career path
why did I have to come across your twitter
: don't get salty when people post the sunset on their story. sunsets are fire. everyone deserves a chance to be a photograp…
this is why you can't go
don't go
: depression is when your mind and heart stop loving each other but still eat at the same dinner table every night
Wiggins is a freakish athlete too
: Never know what to eect when has the ball in his hands.
: "As long as I'm in the lineup, we got a chance against anybody" - WATCH: ht…
: ORL has Terrence Ross and a first-rounder to show for trading Serge Ibaka, Victor Oladipo, Domantas Sabonis, Tobias Har…
me as fuck today
: Salem Lakes? The fuck?
: The GIF we didn't know we needed.
: LOVE ️
depends on the make up of your diet for the day! Alberto Nunez is an eert in nutrition and has one almost every day
you're not going to gain weight by eating 'healthy' or labeling foods
: Direct deposit...
y'all are too much
Honestly I had to take the time to let my ego go Realized that that held us back and back's not where we need to go
: Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter. —Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.
:
: lol at anyone who thought a woman president would be too emotional
Mfw Draymond could've had a quadruple-double but couldn't score points
When has the same thought as you! Why do people post their SC Story onto their IG Story? Then tell you to go add them on SC 🤔
when you buy k followers and got nothing to show for it
Actually me on
people (not me) want to think so! But don't worry about what 'they' think or say
wow Dylan you're an asshole! I've been following Holden since the Stone Age
Why is trending when Trump botched a raid in Yemen that killed civilians and a Navy SEAL?!
finally somebody didn't post a link (with no image) to their Instagram that nobody will click on
: can't disappoint your parents if you never made them proud to begin with
: Don't waste time elaining yourself to people committed to misunderstanding you.
LaMelo just dropped and people are still trying to discredit him. Who cares how he did it? Y'all couldn't score in a gym by yourself
: No matter how good you are to people, some won't appreciate it.
Cause people gonna judge and people gonna talk And they can say what they like Won't keep me up at night, no
exactly why I've pushed everyone away recently
: aaaah yes, I'm merely a figment of the internet's imagination
two would be great, but if you're really serious about it then three is the way to go! Either or is better than one though
squat three times a week
nowhere bro she's one of a kind and usually goes for fuckboys
: oh so no one was gonna tell me there was a big ass penis behind my head for my senior pictures???
: Men lie. Women lie. Buckets don't.
: You have to slow down to appreciate the handles.
: LeBron Resume Update: He sets a new career-high with assists!
: How does Snap compare to other social media giants?
you find it sort of ironic that a Wisconsin RB was who won it for you?? Congrats though!
: Tweet Less, Think More
: Who said what about Wisconsin running backs not being good in the league ... exactly
: A more accurate Gatorade commercial would be a really hungover dude in bed trying to drink it without sitting all the way up.
Great day to be ! Paul's last game in Boston and the Patriots in another Super Bowl. Almost like you had this planned
Misery loves company...
I don't recommend eating pizza while going on Tinder in the Kenosha area
Happiness can only be achieved NOW in the present. If you're looking for happiness in the future then you've missed the point completely
I hate living in a world where bad things happen to good people and vice versa
Nothing's ever what we eect But they keep asking where we're going next
: Who wore it better?  for W FAVE for B
: "BUILD THAT WALL" says white people who eat Mexican food, vacation to Cancun, fake celebrate cinco de mayo, and won't wor…
So any of you guys remember when Jay-Z cheated on Beyoncé?! Now they're having twins, I think that pretty much sums up relationships today
: "If I delete my Instagram now, y'all can't come spam my mentions with "L's" since that Nicki &and; Drake pic dropped"
I love you, mhm Easier to say than mean it these days
I fucking love you dude
When a girl calls you daddy are they actually trying to get pregt? Because that's what's going to happen
A lot of niggas in the game but I can not vouch for 'em
no you don't
One of my biggest pet peeves is when people play dumb with me. I know they're lying the whole time and they probably know I do too
*leaves your girl on read and doesn't even have an iPhone*
for real! We had the app developed and I was going to be the one to deliver via bike in Madison. Just couldn't find loopholes
too many laws in place that makes it impossible. My brother and I were working on an app on this exact same idea last year
When you delete your Facebook because you're sick of the drama and then you remember you used it to sign into your Spotify account
not just girls sweetheart
:
Things change, people change, feelings change too Never thought the circumstances woulda changed you
: Your crush having sex tonight and just gonna text you in the morning "I fell asleep." Just focus on yourself.
where's orange at though?
I hate when a nigga text you like, "What's up, fam? Hope you good" You say, "I'm good, I'm great," the next text they ask you for somethin'
: % of people in your life are here for the fruit that your tree produces, only % are here to take care of the root.
I know you too well it's messed up
I would say it but I know there would be a inch black dick in my messages in about seconds

Sadly we live in a country where people only care about issues when they affect them directly
: Kanye took a major L by cutting this verse off 'Famous'
mfw we're not texting rn
: Those "in power" don't want you to have control of your own life so they manipulate you into believing they know what's best…
: 's ego monument real cost is around billion USD. I ask you, America, what would you prefer instead of…
My ex says she gave me the best years of her life I saw a recent picture of her, I guess she was right
text me
maybe I'll have to come take care of you 🤔
yes and she is my girl
Females will complain about how no guy ever treats them right or respects them when they don't even respect themselves
Do you guys actually live by these quotes made up by other people? Why not form your own ideas and live them out 🤔
: I dream of a world where the truth is what shapes people's politics, rather than politics shaping what people think is true.
being tall is the least of your worries with them bitches
: this is me at the lib every time
I'll be your date
The best part about my views is they are % my own. Many of you think the same way as your parents do and that is called conditioning
are you depressed right now?
: Biden: I left a blunt in the helicopter for you Obama:
:
he must have Websters digits
Donald will go down as one of the most hated men to ever live
out of dudes previous m less than six of those were legitimate, I wouldn't be surprised
it's like watching Hitler all over again
probably what we need for some consciousness in our country
but be positive about Trump because all of those cunts supported Obama
sadly going to be the next four years also morons who know nothing about politics yelling "Make America Great Again"
: My President by
My President by Jeezy
I think her Parkinsons became too much
: Pretty good bounce for year !
: My President by Young Jeezy on repeat all day tomorrow. No excuses.
: Have to LIVE these words not just TWEET them
There's more to life than how others think or feel about you.
: Thank you universe for never failing to trip me out
I sit in silence and and find whenever I meditate My fears alleviate, my tears evaporate My faith don't deviate, ideas don't have a date
: LeBron playing football against Kevin Durant during the NBA lockout. (2011)
I need to go on a road trip ASAP
: One last time.. My president is Black.
unless you're in Fresno. Stay away from Fresno!
My point wasn't I'm better than everyone, it was ironically the opposite. You shouldn't look up to or want to be anyone but your damn self
I know you do
bitches getting paid in dudes fapping it to their pictures
Hope the attention feels better than my affection
: You know the thing where you’re given a button to push to get a million bucks but someone has to die? Congress is pus…
Eression &gt; depression
that's not true though otherwise I would say it lmao I'm just speaking my damn mind
that could be true but that is the way I'd prefer it
materials, validation from others, celebrities lives, etc
I feel so out of touch with my generation and the lame shit that the masses are motivated by.
the crazy part is people aren't aware of this stuff, obsessing over money and materials. Bunch of damn slaves to the elite few
Love Yourz by J. Cole
: A picture of the same selfie divided into two pictures for reasons unelained, with emojis as the caption
it's not the paper itself but the banks who have the paper that run our entire world!!
dudes a squirrel just out here tryna cop a nut
no only for divorces
hey where was this taken at?
I guess so
do you do hip thrusters? Those are best for glutes/hams in my opinion
Can't believe that my baby sister is years old today
: Thank you for everything. My last ask is the same as my first. I'm asking you to believe—not in my ability to create change, but…
seriously
and that will change like five more times in the next few years
: It’s official: Welcome to Cleveland, ! DETAILS:
So happy to be in Colorado
Btw that last tweet wasn't directed at anyone specific. Just calling out ALL of you insecure nerds! Get some actual confidence, not fake BS.
Why must you guys buy likes on all your Instagram pics?? No one gives a fuck if you get or likes
I feel bad for your ears
I Will Be Here - Wolfgang Gartner Remix by Tiësto
alright bro I'll be in Kenosha so we'll have to meet up!
few weeks bro! You still at Parkside?
let's get some when I'm home
good thing you're not getting deported
Jon's gonna have like seven kids now
this is why she's wife material
there's hope
: RETWEET to for LeBron James!
: her lips aint ever eerienced a chapped day in her life
Life's not that complicated. If you want something you go and get it. Too many people sit around and don't take action
They just dreams, turn 'em to reality
the fact that you live once and if you don't try you won't live the life you desire 🤔
The Waterfall House was built in and this was their bedroom view! Quite the place to start a road trip!…
: when she takes her boyfriend's name out her bio
damn
Shoutout to the homie for getting a sickening shoulders &and; arms pump with me last night …
: LOL all the hoes and lames bitching about how shitty was and now they going out to get fucked up tnight …
Time to fuck up and write on shit for the next few months
: hate ppl who lie &and; try to make you think they are someone they aren't..Ive always been honest w ppl wether they love me…
: I want to bring back the best friends list in to stir the pot a lil bit
no, more pizza
probably need a better diet
: Yes, if you wear crocs you be will deported to North Korea
: morrow SANTA ANA PULL UP
no gains
seriously!! You woke af
my dude I'll text you back later
Hero (feat. Christina Perri) - Deep Mix by Cash Cash
you realize ima and finna mean the same thing right 🤔
: Carrie Fisher, your role inspired a generation of scientifically curious space elorers. You changed the world &and; you will be…
actual art
will not be a better year unless you make it so internally.
: and the baddest motherfucker
Y'all been dating for days now? I'm sure you're in love
why even try anymore 🤔
: Yupp this happened today... LaMelo Ball Pointed at Half-court then Pulled up form it lol | Full highlights:
Just found out is performing miles away from me this weekend in Santa Ana and I'll be out of town
: Guarding LeBron: Written &and; Directed by Kobe - ESPN Video
: Stop being so desperate to be in love and just live
Felt depressed and lonely on Christmas of all days, what a paradox
no one
not me
my thoughts exactly
did this speak to you?
: LeBron James: "If I take more years in the NBA I would have the opportunity to play with my son ..or against him" ://…
: he's right
I'm reporting this
oh I know
does this include you?
for now! Nothing lasts forever
what you buying me?
wait until the honeymoons over bro, you will miss it
you will look back and be thankful for the tough times! Keep moving forward
there's a filter?
Star Wars lived up to all eectations! It definitely had a George Lucas feel to it. What did you guys think??
tomorrow night for Jordan &and; I
I'll be there for you
not completely a trap fam! I'll be back soon and we can go on a road trip or something
Flight to Colorado is booked
it's called unconsciousness
years ago I was working out in my apartment looking up to social influencers on IG. Now I work at a gym they train at! Keep believing
well you weren't lying
as much as I hate drinking a night like this is due soon
your starting point has already started my friend. A gap year isn't always a bad idea either
anything. You will figure it out and adjust as you go but you won't have a mapped out plan
well I didn't have another crazy ex in the past week so in that case my number has remained
Neighbors by J. Cole
I think I just did
what's ignorance mean?
cook for me bby
hbd you old bish
because that's your role
Vansika is my sugar momma
probably a lot of connects in Chi
Who's tryna connect on LinkedIn?!
: Instagram - Hey everyone, look how great my life is Twitter - I wanna fuckin die, here's a meme
: When you take your girl out and she order water
Always torn between trusting people more often and keeping to myself completely.
Reminder by The Weeknd
y'all don't know anything about lips
Sleep is a cool concept.
: "Happiness is not in the mere possession of money;it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort."Fra…
and in reality you'll be paying your loans off instead
Starboy - Kygo Remix by The Weeknd
Sometimes I just sit here and think about how low I was and am so thankful that I kept moving forward.
you're gonna die
"Don’t criticize them; they are just what we would be under similar circumstances." - Abe Lincoln
were not neighbors anymore
she's implying that her box is for breakfast
life gets so much worse lol
Me: I should probably go for a they usually have better personalities Inner me: fuck it, go for that even though she's dumb as hell
send me one
let's do it
you been reppin' Boston ever since I knew you
Lynn's bed is comfier
even better she don't deserve me knowing how to spell it
nah bruh Lynn will be on that shit no doubt
me too thanks!
You know you're officially an adult when you download a budgeting app on your phone
People getting out of college thinking that they're going to by a Range, bitch you just bought one 🤔
and you're pissed about debt
this is the kid from Chino Hills
what about ?
flying home now
These days I don't even look forward to birthdays anymore. Who wants to be ?! That sounds lame as hell
it's a pretty cool place!
you're still learning
No matter what timing will always feel a bit off, you just have to go for it with fear out of mind.
: This is the ideal male body. You may not like it, but this is what peak performance looks like.
probably not tweet about % of your drama
posted a new vlog today bro! Check it out!
literally sounds just like me right now bro
It's funny how much more people fuck with you when you're doing shit with your life
Idk why you guys trip about your future's so often. My future being undecided feels so liberating rn. The world is yours
tryna??
I hope one day that I mean a lot to you.
how's mine?
Pizza is good.
Sometimes the simplest workouts are the most effective ones.
I'm thankful for your ass
I was told by many people that years -27 should be spent traveling and eeriencing the world so that is exactly what I'll do for now!
I'll see you soon bro!
didn't say it was lol very typical
high school was a great time
you trippy in the mountains?
: "i really like you" Me: I like you too Inner me: ️️️
We are interested in others when they are interested in us.
Zoe told her teacher that my parents were moving to be closer to Starbucks and Costco
my parents couldn't afford baby Einsteins
it didn't count
: As of the summer of , Steph Curry is only the NBA's th-highest paid player.
: Me: Her dad is home, what if we get caught? Inner me: You're her daddy now
: Assists Per Game leaderboard . - . - . - . - MORE:
So sad that I'm missing Christmas time in Chicago this year
: In-N-Out
Yosemite Valleys stars do
if I wasn't a grandpa it would be four hours
that picture is even more wtf
My best advice for people trying to bulk up: eat a lot of pizza
because you only have two
Check out the line at Starbucks next time and tell me all Americans aren't drug addicts
I don't know why I'm obsessed with a music genre that constantly puts me in my feelz 🤔
miss you
: Listen more talk less..
: One of my goals in life is to pay back my parents for everything they have done for me
I bet if you take one more picture of your ass guys will start treating you better and respecting you more 🤔
: Game changer....
that's commitment
All these people in fitness preaching positive shit yet they so low in self-esteem they have to purchase followers &and; likes to feel better
so now we can fucc?
I think the biggest thing our generation lacks is self-esteem and self-awareness.
yeah probably like
So I had this lady who works at Walmart today entirely convinced that Jordan was my dad. I've never died so hard from laughing
cute too
thanks
they need to just do it and then send nudes
:
One day I just randomly deleted a bunch of people on my Snapchat and started focusing on my own shit more
dude starting lifting a bit before college! Jon with an aesthetic bod?? The thought gets me (and many females) chubbed
You know you did right when all of your little minions are starting to get bigger &and; stronger than you
Words are just labels, never the ultimate truth.
that's not why we both have em out
she left us when Harambe did
well not all people but most besides dat circle
yeah because we're both depressed kunts who get through life with memes because people are too much
we are so much more alike than we both ever thought before
To me relationships are the key to life. I would give up my life and any of my dreams for those closest to me.
hey can I have like %??
easily best Drake album ever
You can't blame people, sometimes they've just got shitty parents and that's all they ever know.
We all may have different views on shit but at the end of the day I love you all
*me as a inch OLED screen is an inch away from my face* "Can't sleep for some odd reason tonight 🤔"
Hahaha bro you're such a goon and I love it
Don't let the fact that Hillary blew a -1 lead hide that the Warriors blew a -1 lead in the NBA Finals.
: Climate change is not a hoax. It’s a threat to this entire planet. Trump better start listening to scientists and not fossi…
I'm trying to have a good time but thank you very much! Hope all is well with you
it sort of is though dude I forget who I heard say that one time
life is a hypocrisy
You can't love it just when it's convenient.
no they don't
Wiggins dropped tonight!! His ceiling is ridiculous and I've always thought the Cavs screwed up trading him away for Love.
where are you?
creative
maybe you can whoop my ass in some K lmao! Haven't played in too long
no problem bro. We'll have to link up when I'm home!
lol your tweets are always on point bro
: The electoral college is a disaster for a democracy.
me too thanks!
I can be a douche bag at times but I can also be very down to earth and that's dependent on how you treat me.
: hope the attention feels better than my affection
: *record scratch* *freeze frame* Yup, that's me. you're probably wondering how I ended up in this situation
Seriously though! The states in red are the lame ass ones.
Just got done reading by and it was a masterpiece! Go hear what I had to say about it on my blog:
Okay so who wants to come visit me in CA next week?? Hit me up!
can't but I'll be in Wisco in January or February probably
: If you think repealing Obamacare is smart you're fucking retarded and don't understand healthcare economics.
: Y'all get more upset over people disrespecting a flag than you do over the disrespect for minorities, women, and LGBT c…
Still can't believe that I'll never be in my childhood home again
: One of the greatest Vines ever

Sun &and; Moon by Above &and; Beyond
Most humans don't know the universe only the objects in it.
We all sold our soul this election season
After this election I won't be going back to school for two reasons. One because I guess I don't need it and two because I can't afford it.
: WE GONNA KEEP ON LOVING NO MATTER WHAT
it is supposed to be amazing there!
I'm usually the one doing the trolling and now America's trolling me.
sounds a lot like ego
Bernie would be destroying Trump too
:  if you have as many years of political eerience as
still a bunch of pussies if you ask me
and bisexual too you fgt
that's what's up dude! I heard that place is dope and pretty affordable. Let me know how you like it
in FoCo?? How far are you from there? I know Denver is like miles
sweet bro I should be flying into Denver early January and I'll be staying in Fort Collins! I'll hit you up for sure!
Kyle said they do that in Chicago too
I know that feeling bro! You staying in Denver?
to what??
blasting music again?
no
this man never talked to you on the plane, I doubt he ever supported your candaign
but I also meant rings as in they all get rings not trophies you pleb
we'll see
thanks
you didn't meet him
tfw LeBron realizes the only team who wins rings in Cleveland is the Cavs
no way b. That's what's up. Now onto step two.
is everyone calling you a deadass?
no need it's just science. Accept it
it's okay you'll be a milf too b
milf
is going to come back from NY looking like such a deadass b.
poetic
you mad about it son?
that's such a compliment
elaborate son
you good?
yeah you do you fat kunt
s?
you're still a bitch
oh god
I'm hung
I will have seen Shedoah, Zion, Grand Canyon, Yosemite, and many more sights all in the span of four months!
Guys guess what?? I'm going to Yosemite next weekend!!
I know it doesn't just have to do with living out here but my dreams are starting to come true and it feels so surreal.
who are you kidding, it's dad bod season
: Man -1 sucks
: Suddenly, becoming a Cubs fan.
Congrats to all of the Cubs fans out there! My grandpa has been a fan for years and they have finally did it in his lifetime 🤗
hey
are you gonna spend time in bed?
: One of the craziest shots of all time
are you gaay?
I wanna smaysh her too
no
now that's a pupper
Oh and happy Halloween
Years from now we will be talking about how memes changed the world
well yeah out of that deep shit but depression lingers
true but idk if you ever get out or you just learn to look at things differently
thanks! I should have it but depression is a scary thing
My biggest fear right now is going back to that dark place that took me forever to get out of.
Saying bye to family is the most difficult thing ever
: Meanwhile in Cleveland…
Drake is so beta for going at Cudi for his mental health issues.
send us some product to do a review on
are you sponsored?
is your stomach feeling okay?
you were no where to be found Dad
fgt
That feel when you're apparently past the getting drunk in a Halloween costume stage
finally they get a W
let's go
gotta be m8
does that mean you're legal??
Fake tits, followers, and likes. I'm sensing a theme...
ask Dad he'll tell you
deep
she was so fine and we were eye smayshin' the whole time
I gave our waitress my number last night and wrote it in crayon
It has been scary as hell being away from home but just as exhilarating. Life feels so alive when the future is unknown.
some day Paige
no my rents are coming out here! I won't be home at least until next year sometime
Literally cannot wait to see my family this week! Have things changed in the past three months.
you can get mono twice it's just rare
just mark them all as read fam
fuck you dude butterscotch dilly bars are
they need a team like that to get their swagger back I think
First time it's legitimately rained since I've been in California
life's a joke if you think life's a joke
I miss you
are you single?
talk to your Santa Jebus fellow
Today's the youngest you'll ever be. Appreciate the moment no matter where you're at in your life
yes!
McDonald's now offers their whole breakfast menu all day long 🤔🤔 maybe life isn't so bad after all...
inb4 I used to say that shit all the time! Do some Q&and;As or some shit! And yo congrats bro
already isn't I would say
do it!
I seriously plan to be
don't seek salvation in the future. You can be happy right now if you choose to be its all a matter of perspective
that's pretty fucked up itself. Why do you need to die full?
and you called me savage!
I never understood the death penalty. Wait, there's a way I can die quicker?
I'm just trying to show you guys that you can fuck up a lot and still figure things out in the end.
Said I'll make it big when, everybody know me Well, I made it big and, everybody phony
your tweets suck
so is Santa

that's what we always say after our road trips
: JR Smith has thrown down some ridiculous dunks
: I think Kid Cudi is extremely brave for sharing this moment in his life as well as taking steps to better himself..sending…
love you too Jon
You become what you envision yourself being.
"Imagine what you would want your life to look like if you knew you could never fail." - Lewis Howes
I will never understand why people settle for mediocrity or why they choose a straightforward, guaranteed path that's already been done.
yo bro just check out the YouTube Channel! Congrats man, that's dope as hell! Hope all is well with you
: "Name a more iconic duo.. I'll wait"
: When you tired of BK but there's no McDonalds around
: Notorious drug lord Pablo Escobar and his son in front of the White House, s.
: Being unable to poop without playing on their phone
hahah dude wants you to vote for Trump
: The won the Award for Sports Event of the Year!
what a lame retweet
you're so lame
which you can
you right. Come out and visit me for a weekend or some shit! Most round trip tickets out here are like $200
Hahaha our kids would be so weird and beautiful I think we need to make it happen
oh man!! Can't believe you'll finally be !!
now I can finally meet your rents! I'm too excited!
you better not bail on me - were coming out!!!
Look at what people post pictures of most often and you'll see what they care about most in life.
I couldn't do that to you
jealous of my dope pizza emoji
Cudi binging rn
don't h8
except that Jon is a little bitch I heard...
I got you
I guess if I was borin' they would love me more Guess if I was simple in the mind Everything would be fine
read The Hour Work Week and/or The School of Greatness - they should help you devise a plan to do whatever you want in life
A lot of you are constantly searching for love from other people because deep down you don't love yourself.
no, slide in my DM's please
oh now you're back
fuck George Bush
/11 was a part-time job.
Bush did /11
Girl don't treat me like a stranger Girl you know I seen you naked
"To be great is to be misunderstood." - Emerson
hey stop bullying me. Your opinion hurts my feelings
yes
I would sacrifice anything to have him back even my own life
me too no thanks
first of all I'm not positive all the time but I try to be. Second of all I was trolling you and it worked
you love EDM and shitty DJs
bitches man -- will do anything for a sense of worth
When you buy half of your likes &and; followers and think you're Instafamous
welcome baby...I got you ️
you're probably thinking too far ahead. If you stay present you'll realize there's nothing to really worry about
Surround yourself with the right people -- otherwise you'll always be doing the lame shit your 'friends' do.
I've met more positive/successful people here (who are willing to help) than I ever had living in Wisconsin for my entire life.
I wish that were true
: is bae
oh lord. I'm already hard
come over
Dudes will date sexy ass females and be mad that other dudes want their girl 🤔
When did putting spaces in between punctuation marks become a thing &and; why?
for free I'm dead
good thing I'm a dog
hardly but I definitely am a realist. I guess I don't look at death as a downer but most people do because of the uncertainty
we'll see where life takes me. Shit I could be dead in a week — nothing's promised
Not a day goes by that I don't miss Hamrabe
no can do boo
I miss him so much
People my age are trying to get fucked up any chance they get. I'm sitting here working on my future, building something bigger than myself.
agreed ️
even better
I mean hang*
we'll bang in Vegas
and steroids/performance enhancers! They're all doing it anyways
Too many people portraying a fake life on social media — it's quite sad tbh...
True Believer by Avicii
we do, it's called suppression
you weird me out with a majority (99.9%) of the shit you do so idk why you're talking about 'weird'
and Bernie's just sitting there like
If a girl on Tinder has a dog filter as a picture I assume she's ugly and swipe left
Starting my big boy job today 🤑
made up bullshit
haven't even been on Bumble out here but Tinder is poppin'
I for real want to change the world and I know in my heart I can do it.
As my selection on Tinder shows — I've clearly got yellow fever...
I'm such an emotional cunt
Never thought I'd be this messed up about leaving my sister
I'll never love anyone the way I love my little sister
I straight up hate all of these fucking goodbyes
Damn it just hit me how far I've come over the past few years and now I'm moving to my dream state tomorrow. Life's a trip — enjoy the ride!
: All I ask of Matt is to hurry the fuck up
: Operation Step Dad commences today
Tfw you're moving across the country in two days and still haven't packed a single thing.
If you can't keep commitments with yourself don't eect to ever keep them with other people. It starts with you.
Six days
Duncan never got his farewell tour
: Psychology says, depression is often the result of over thinking, our minds create problems that initially didn't exist.
I think I spend more time on LinkedIn than any other social media platform 🤓
call me later or if not I'll call you ️
I have to be partially as well man. Wade has always been my guy and I also love Rondo and Butler. They're going to kill it!
Both Wade and Howard decided to go home this summer! Great moves in the NBA offseason!
"The significant problems we have cannot be solved at the same level of thinking with which we created them." – Albert Einstein
kind of situational I feel. Some things you need to make happen and some you need to let
I don't know if they're just trolling us or what 🤔
summerfest had a lame lineup this year and no I'll be in Cali
Navy Pier

: "Like Dwyane was gonna sign with the Bucks"
LinkedIn &and; chill?!
didn't see that song live
ha
you mean like how they lost this year after having the best record/team ever?!
: That should have won if KD didn't fold in Game
Dude joins the team who beat him in the WCF, that's weak AF.
People forget that there's only one basketball to go around
: Now everybody wanna play for the heat and the Lakers? Let's go back to being competitive and going at these peoples!
oh shit waddup?
no
Bitches out here using SnapChat filters thinking they're hot all of a sudden
Always following trends and letting celebrities run your lives without the awareness to realize you're being used by society
me irl
Do you ever wonder what you'd like if you were conditioned by different circumstances?!
I'm the type of person who finds an EDM song I like and plays it times in a row.
This is the month that'll forever change my life's path.
I'll forever feel blessed for being her big brother. Leaving her in a few weeks is going to be the hardest thing I've ever done
Just got home from a road trip and my sister gave me the biggest hug ever. She's shown me what it's like to love someone more than myself.
didn't even give me credit for this
Knicks get another ex-washed-up Bull.
What you want out of life isn't always what someone else does. So just because you think they aren't 'successful' doesn't mean they're not
All of you nerds saw Martin Garrix Summerfest without knowing who he is 🤔
my friends and I are in need of a place to stay in DC tonight. You know of anywhere?!

days
sex slave
: Fuck anyone who tries to tell you to "grow up" they're just jealous that you're having more fun than them.
what's your username?
There are million people in downtown Cleveland right now
Nothing's ever what we eect But they keep asking where we're going next All we're chasing is the sunset Got my mind on you
Don't need attention I need you So try to care for what there is And grew And I tried to tell you that I still Don't know What to do
I don't have your number
Watch me die the same age as Zyzz.
call me
Nothing and/or nobody is yours except you.
perfect, where do you live in AZ again?
San Diego is like an hour south of me
do it you won't! I'm living like miles south of LA—right by Newport/Huntington/Laguna
follow me back asshole
: verification &gt; college degree
When it comes to fresh fruit my stomach is an endless pit
because nobody appreciates me
hopefully I will too
every night
that's different though
he'll make it back at the Cavs after-party
I'm not letting any of y'all come visit me in Cali
: A new play in Cleveland history: The Block.
: LeBron led both Finals teams in: • Points • Rebounds • Assists • Steals • Blocks
: Respect.
Also, I've never seen anything like that LeBron block near the end in my life
: Steph Curry, first ever uimous MVP, just blew a home Game for the Bay Area with an awful th quarter.
Kyrie was huge, totally outplayed Curry
all I'm saying is Jordan never did this; especially against a team that is 'better' than them
I mean if it's about the % then I'll give you that but we always remember the past as great especially with sports
but he was also favored in everyone of those. It's a completely different scale bro
That Kyrie three pointer at the end though
: LeBron James wins rd NBA title; he's of players to win titles &and; MVPs joining Michael Jordan, Bill Russell and K…
lost one finals he was favored in**
: When he came home, he promised a title. He delivered. LeBron's legend has been sealed.
how?? He's only lost one finals he wasn't favored in and has won two he wasn't. Something even Jordan never did
LeBron beats the best team in history from a -1 deficit and people still throw shade on him
what about coming back from -1? And how is that piss poor? You're salty af
dudes happy he didn't lose his job lmao
: GS with the
: Well that's a wrap
: x2
: Warriors got a little too comfortable up -1 it came back to bite em
lies
My dad once did the running man challenge and never came back.
If you want to know how to be depressed hmu.
that was my original prediction myself
you won't
what about a sweep bud?
: . show out on the break on .
LeBron paid the refs to keep Love out of the game
Once a side chick, always a side chick.
no
maybe
Tfw likes your tweet
Is it a coincidence that 'Alone' is my favorite song by Marshmello?! I think not
Two weeks until I road trip with the homies ‍‍
probably covered it times in that time span ️
Y'all are basically kids and eect 'serious' relationships to work out. Save that shit for when you're older and enjoy your damn youth.
I've said it so many times but it's too relevant not to say again—people will only hit you up when they need something from you
It's amazing to me how quick people are to believe everything the media says...
I'm sorry baby You were the sun and moon to me I'll never get over you You'll never get over me
There was at least -4 shooters—the media won't tell you that though. Watch yourself and your loved ones.
: I despise conspiracy theories but I've put A LOT of rounds down range and train often. Unlikely shooter shot + befo…
: They want us talking, they want us fearing, they want us arguing, but most of all they want us hating...hating each other…
The issue in our world and the US specifically isn't weapons control, the real issue is mental health and the stigma surrounding it...
not once class starts
what?¿
One day it just hit me that I needed to make major lifestyle changes in order to live a happier life.
Sometimes I like being depressed.
Eectations always result in disappointment.
After last nights festivities I'm pretty sure I need a new brain.
Well, I guess I can't follow anyone else on IG
When you mess up a screenshot and accidentally lock your phone, and all you can see is the reflection of failure staring back at you...
"A good leader takes more than their fair share of the blame and gives more than their fair share of the credit." – Arnold Glasnow
that's what I was thinking bro...who's really good for nothing here? We live in a weird place
you know these scums?!
chargers and camaros are sick though
fuck y'all
arsehole
me too thanks!
I wubs you
follow me on Twitter bro
Can't wait until my generation actually has a say in our collective future.
"If you want to increase your success rate, double your failure rate." – Tom Watson Sr.
: After Game - "What's wrong with Lebron James?" After Game - "What's wrong with Steph Curry?" Life moves pretty fast..
With fitness you could train many people for free, give out free programs, free tips, and your valuable time—and still be 'self-centered' 🤔🤔
Too many haters; not enough supporters.
thanks bud, it's my life's purpose to bring consciousness/awareness to others
there's some ego distancing—how does it feel?!

and all I'm saying is I'm still confident about the Cavs whether I posted it online or not. You don't know how I'm taking it
if I took it personal I wouldn't bet $20 as soon as someone challenges my opinion, that's called your ego bud
I'm definitely conscious of my ego, and am aware of what it is on a deep level. But everyone knows me on a deep level bruh
your ego is hilarious, I hope you become more conscious of it
why would I say shit after they lost by ?! Especially Oracle. What is there to say other than shoot better?!
You're the best player in the world, have a chance to essentially close out a series and you don't show up.
was never talking shit and never went anywhere, unlike your boy Curry
what happened at the end?! Didn't get the chance to catch it and your updates didn't go through
stop looking for it outside of yourself
You can judge a person's character by the way he treats people who can't help him or hurt him.
Just heard a lady working at the gas station drop a pack of smokes and call it a piece of shit...happy Monday
gotta always let it slide
don't ruin my credibility
don't judge me
need to go cliff jumping also; just without a parachute
"Do or do not; there is no try." – Master Yoda
Bitches out here using their moms credit card for Instagram likes
There's way too many people out there to trip over one.
any game is theirs to have. There's a reason the splash bro's struggled, at least they defended alright
same man! They can do it. GS won game one last year and they (Cavs) still went up -1. So if anyone can do it they can
they could've your right. Idk what the Cavs were doing, I hope they make the right adjustments, as they should
bc even if you do that as you saw with the Thunder you still lose. You either make 's or lose to GS—almost no matter what
why not try to outshoot Golden State? They've been doing that the whole playoffs—and beat their record of with
yes, but they need to also keep the -point differential as close as possible
dude says
how is that not him wanting it? That's how LeBron has always played. The difference here is FG% and TO's
Cavs in dude says; they'll adjust. Just can't shoot % and turn it over that much
how so?
well I'll be living minutes from there—come visit
ask Ricky!
No matter what you do for diet and exercise—remain consistent. That way you can see what tweaks need to be made to your approach
I binged and ate k calories yesterday
That being said—this is the finals matchup we all wanted
OKC lost that series; GS didn't win it
Where I get things fucked up with most people is they never keep commitments.
Whoever is careless with the truth in small matters cannot be trusted with important matters. – Albert Einstein
just going to add to the thickness
What would life be without caffeine?
: Love that you're aiming high for the lambos and range rovers but we all know you'll be in tahoes and fusions at best.
rip to my feelings
People are out here having kids and shit but don't even love themselves
So sad to see so many people completely piss away the potential they've got.
The best time to plant a tree is twenty years ago. The second best time is today.
you know me
it's over—if not in in
I hate goodbyes
In a month I'll be road tripping the east coast with my bro's and in two months I'll be Cali living
if you're tryna make some babies
because what else is left for them to do?
tru
Try not to take life so serious—were all going to die—nothing is going to matter.
It literally hurts when someone sends me a game invite on FB.
hey—that hurt my feelings. Let me have my friend text you about how much I hate you now

yes
I'll do what I want
It's and people still don't understand what a troll is

wish more females realized that
Somewhere in the world a Golden State fan just became an OKC fan.
why block it though? 🤔🤔
Been saying all year how I thought GS was peaking too early.
Y'all think you're so different but you really couldn't be anymore basic
CA?!
deep
no point in having a lot of that ish
Don't seek salvation in the future—it's a vicious cycle. You can be happy now—its your choice.
Man, everyone from around here is always on the same bullshit and I'm over it.
Sometimes you have to stop being so scared and just go for it. Either it will work out—or it won't. That's life.
The only time you have to 'grind' in life is when you are working against your life's purpose.
damn with who?
Actions speak louder than words, so cliché yet so true.
Laying low until I'm out of here.
you're getting married?!
yes it does
Now PND is smashing Kylie
Like unless you aren't doing it right there should be nothing to worry about...
Overprotective boyfriends weird me out and I can say that because I used to be one
you thought wrong
plot twist: I already do
too l8
Nothing is more unattractive than how some people talk to their dogs
call me bro so I know it's real
where'd you go?
: If you got me I got you, easy as that
I'll keep that in mind when I drop my line
"The desire for safety stands against every great and noble enterprise." – Tacitus
I had to let go of us to show myself what I could do
: Bae: Come over. LeBron: I'm in the middle of a game. Bae: My parents aren't home. LeBron:
If the amount of people who hit you up on your birthday hit you up on a daily basis I feel as if the world would be a better place.
o shit waddup?
me too thanks!
hey same to you! Thanks
make sure it's a good one
Hey me too thanks!
thanks buddy, let's celebrate soon
Thanks g! Now you'll have to take care of me as I age
Can't believe I'm years old. I feel old but I also feel like life has never made more sense. Life is unraveling beautifully
so can a healthy Kyrie
Would be so geeked if OKC stole one at home from GS.
Everyday can feel like your birthday if you want it to.
"Do right and kill everything. Do you think that's what his name actually stands for?!" – C Nopes
it does you have no idea
The most unattractive thing is when a female refers to an artist or a DJ as 'them'.
Dudes getting a lap dance by two girls and goes to tip the one stripper $9 afterwards. And she's like "uhm...that'll be $20 each". Lmaooo
you caught me
Why do Ramen noodles only sound good when you're drunk?l
Last few days of being . Fuck I'm getting old
Oasis by Kygo
Dreams truly do come true, just not exactly when you want them to.
Dreams are finally becoming a reality
Carry Me by Kygo
Jalen &and; Jacoby - the only good show on ESPN anymore.
Tfw you get a solid connect out in LA
I don't know how to talk to you I just know I found myself getting lost with you
You got somebody other than me Don't play the victim when you're with me Free time is costing me more than it seems Sacrificing things
Too Good by Drake
pretty decent, still have to listen to it more
Finally listening to Views.
With You by Drake
Recovery week feels
What You Waiting For by Gazzo
: how the new instagram icon was made:
: Spouses are last on that list
This GSW v. POR series has not disappointed.
Bush did -11.
what's that mean?
: Take a chance, or nothing will ever change..
: to the haters:
Way more Party's in LA
Flights booked ️
Raging by Kygo
Sometimes the journey is better than the destination.
Originally thought the series would go to and then changed my mind to . Great series overall
Whatever you think the world is withholding from you, you are withholding from the world
Every moment damn they perfect Hit good cause you deserve it Scratches on my back was worth it I appreciate your service
yeah in a perfect world they would but OKC is skilled enough to have those games so I see both sides
did you actually watch the game? And do you think Durant and Waiters are going to combine for from now on?!
: You might know what this is like...
Great must win for OKC
hmm 🤔
tfti
But I don't need you and you should know that, baby It'd take a miracle for you to really try and change me
Happy Mother's Day to all my baby mommas out there
Snapchat is great because after a lit night you can go back and relive the shit you were too drunk to remember doing the night before
Lillard drops on the Warriors don't sleep on 'em
omw
People gotta stop taking everything so literal
All of a sudden they love this new dude when last week it was the same post with a different guy in it
Females amaze me with how quickly they can go from one boyfriend to the next 🤔
I see no changes Wake up in the morning and I ask myself, "Is life worth living? Should I blast myself?"
yes, perfect!
so I support both the Heat and Cav's but obviously the Cav's more so because of Bron
I don't have a favorite team. Sports are beyond teams in these times. D-Wade was my favorite player in then LeBron in
you're not passionate about the NBA? Bro you post about the Warriors almost everyday lol
LeBron has been my favorite player since . You've liked the Warriors since they became good. No difference?
dude says in the regular season
nobody stopping Aldridge
: Mistakes are proof that you are trying.
Can't wait to be in Cali and be surrounded with all new people
I doubt it. Tough to trade away your best player. They might as well revand besides that though
: Ten different players hit treys as set NBA record with three-pointers - go -45 from deep, dominate Hawks, -98,…
: Congrats to on another awesome accomplishment. th on all-time postseason scoring list.
you think they'll lose him?!
I respect that bro. Really hoping the Bulls get everything figured out here soon
but everyone's different man. Now you're not going to change your mind...I just try to respect them for what they do best
I get that but how somebody is on the field isn't how they are in real life. You should read "How Chandions Think" sometime
kind of hard for me to understand hating someone you'll never know on a personal level
but you would like him if he was on the Bulls
salty bulls fans be like
: Cavs' percentages: -point range: % (18-for-27) -point range: % (6-for-21)
's at half. The playoff record is by Golden State
Cavs are winning -38...at half time
Crazy ending! Waiters pushed off no doubt though
Dude had last game. Now had going /21 from the field
Great game. Aldridge is insane...might be most underrated superstar in the league
Showers are great
Forgive them for they know not what they do
: LaMarcus and Kawhi: points Oklahoma City: It has been that kind of night in San Antonio.
Great (top of the league) team oriented offense/defense vs. -on-1 and one of the worst defenses in the league. What do you eect?!
: Dudes be '7" talkin bout "i love short girls', stfu you are a short girl
: Me irl
you sound like Dave
miss that song
what song is that from? 🤔
I'll never forget the time when asked me if I was part Asian
or when you send her one and she doesn't say anything at all
If a girl hides the fact that she talks to you from her boyfriend she wants your d bro
Ain't nothing sexier than a mixed bitch
Females will post nearly naked pictures on the Internet and then be like "why are all of these creepy guys hitting on me?!" Hmm...I wonder 🤔
The fire of suffering becomes the light of consciousness
Welp now that I'm connections on LinkedIn I guess it's time to stop adding people
Never thought I'd have as many people as I do hit me up for advice/programs
See, before I let you go One last thing I need to let you know You ain't never seen nothing crazier than This nigga when he off his Lexapro
omw
Drake in LA in Sept?!
: GTA V loading screen
That may also be a good thing in some instances 🤔
The shitty thing about this part of my life is when I see someone idk if that'll be the last time or not
UOENO
and I'll keep that in mind for future situations
well if it was because you was feeling yourself then I can respect that and not at all. Maybe old me but idk who that is atm
otherwise I wouldn't say anything at all
well then why are you even considering it? 🤔🤔 I do enjoy testing you, just making you think a bit but that means I care
: The fun continues. also joined before practice working on thei...
just saying...love yourself for you not for being better or worse than someone else that's the ego talking not your true self
which is the opposite point of religion/spirituality
sounds pretty egotistical to me
easy part*, you are smart. Plus you have to learn and the only way to do that is thru eerience
money is all an illusion. Do what you feel is right and forget about the dollas 🤑
not everybody has a peach like you, Karley
Life isn't as serious as the mind makes it out to be. – Eckhart Tolle
have fun in AZ fam ️
max your dog?
: When Beyoncé said.... "You can watch my fat ass twist boy. As I bounce to the next dick boy"
cheeky
omw
:  if you're depressed but think it's hilarious
you will never understand others regardless
hml
Too many people are in shitty relationships convincing themselves that it's some real shit
my house
: Me irl
It was all you can eat for $8. Why wouldn't I eat like -15 pieces?
I ate like k calories in pizza today and I'm not even upset 'bout it
Stanley stay saying weak shit
The Blazers were one of the only teams to beat Golden State this year...when Lillard dropped
The Blazers have a better shot at taking out a Steph Curry-less GS team than the Chris Paul-less Clips do
Females these days have larger egos than guys do
thought of you and I when I saw this yesterday
And I don't say that to brag. I say it to make some of you realize your life can be great too! I've been through it all, it's never too late
Life is so great right now
Once every so often I have these days where I wake up realizing everything I'm grateful for
Lowkey hope Steph's alright though
: People who increase their water intake by -3 cups daily can decrease their total daily calorie intake by up to calories…
For some reason knew Stephen Curry would get injured again
: You usually argue with those you care about. People avoid fights completely when they're no longer interested emotional…
follow him: kygomusic. It'll make your egg plant hard
: Introverts...
: Tangerine
You'll hardly ever understand someone's perspective other than your own
: The more stressed you are, the slower your wounds and illnesses heal.
you follow him on snap? Shit made me hoard
Lowkey wanna see Kygo again ASAP
So now I find out my bro's moving to Oakland, CA in August...guess I'll have a place to stay up north in the Bay
: Some people pass through our lives in a shorter time frame than we had hoped to teach us things theү never could have taught…
: A year from now, everything you’re stressing about won’t mean anything.
So often in life people want others to love them more than anything else in the world. Did you ever realize that person could be you?
All of the bad things in life mold you into who you truly are. By running away from these fears you are running further from your true self
People only give a shit about you once you're dead
That left handed pass by Bron though
you're famous
could be
: Venice Beach, s
same feels mane
SO to my boy for showing up when it mattered against OKC last night
I heard youz a bitch but that's just me
Every time I tell a female to "come thru" I say it in my Drizzy voice
Foh
Choice implies consciousness. Without it, you will be compelled to think, feel, and act according to the conditioning of your mind
I has no crew fam
: The best relationships are when you can be friends and lov.. OH SHUT THE FUCK UP ALREADY!!!
chad loves everyone bro!
why're you still awkward then? 🤔
How did we become so distant? Like I'm the one to blame and you're innocent
: I love you
If you're chilling with a "friend" and you notice they talk shit about their other friends a lot chances are they talk shit about you too
: I wish everyone would realize how much a day is really worth.
-3 years ago I knew exactly what I wanted but I wasn't sure how to get there. I began with a step and now I'm here - way closer than I was
Good things don't come to those who wait. Good things come to those who have a dream and pursue that dream like their life depends on it
soon.jpg
you know what else is Ugeee?
Don't talk to me or my son ever again
make me Juan
Girls always say every cool thing out of context and ruin it completely lmao
You only need one spark to start a fire You only need one heart to save life It only takes one word to get inspired
Sometimes I've gotta remind myself of all the shit I've overcame and that I can handle anything life throws me. Sad cunt Matt checking out
I've got some issues that nobody can see And all of these emotions are pouring out of me
But I was high when I finally had the chance to see Everything thats pretty aint always good for me
I be high then I be low I be low then I be high It's like a battle knife to a gun fight But I be cool this the story of my life
: if you don't mean it then don't say it
We live in an already unconscious world where everybody has to get so fucked up all the time making everyone even less conscious
Time heals all ⏳
: You will never change your life until you change something you do daily.. - Mike Murdoch
Today is a day full of feels
% of people only care about themselves
Love your enemies...
: Zero Dark Thirty- activated.
When a good thing goes bad it's not the end of the world It's just the end of a world, that you had with one girl
: Me af
: Haters are like crickets. Crickets make a lot of noise, you hear it but you can't see them. Then right when you walk by them…
: Life is all about taking risks. If you never take risks, then you'll never know what you're capable of..
Positive note - less than months until Cali
Really ain't got no time for BS in my life at this point
All that arises passes away. This I know
All she talking bout is come and see me for once Come and see me for once You don't ever come to me
I feel like every female has got an ugly friend to take pictures with just to make them look hotter in comparison lmao
now you see why I say the shit I do lol
: check out my YouTube channel
you are though
:
Why people gotta take social media so srs all the time?! 🤔
fine by me. I haven't been making videos and if I did I wouldn't push them down strangers throats
If you DM me on Twitter to check out your YouTube channel times out of I'm not going to watch that shit
Females will do nothing but complain about their boyfriends, continue to date them, and then do anything they ask to remain dating them 🤔
Well thanks to I now have blockers on IG
it's okay boo we'll be hitting a sushi date on Laguna/Huntington/new port ️
no what you say?
is that you years old?
sounds intriguing
just messing with you punk
sounds sus to me
so you need a man but have huge ass goals? 🤔🤔🤔
there will be lots of slipping and sliding no doubt
can't wait to live in LA
So sad to see people you know get caught in the rat race ️
Ashley always taking shit way too literal
worth it
who's the .01%?
maybe choice?
that's what you think
I'm just at the point in my life where idc how long I've known you or fucked with you. If idfwu now I prolly won't fwu again ️️
You might not see it now but in hindsight you'll be like wtf!! Just my two cents though because obviously we all have to fuck up to learn
Best advice I could give to a male hs athlete - don't trip over a gf or girls in general. If anything they'll hold you back from your dreams
: Kobe got Kanye smiling....LOL
: Are you kidding, Kobe?!? The legend goes out in style, scoring points in a Lakers win.
: !!
: .
Dude dropped at years old!
: Kobeeeee
Wtf is life rn?!
: UNBELIEVABLE MAN!!!
Kobe's shot times with a minute left
: if we go to a restaurant and have to choose between a table or a booth and you say table i will never trust you again
When autocorrect corrects Omw to On my way! why you making me sound corny af and way too excited?!
Most people drop out of school when it gets too hard. I dropped out when that shit got too easy and I realized I didn't need it anymore
insta does what it wants okay?
F*CK Donald Trump is now the most popular song in the world...
yes you want it which is all that matters really. I have faith in you now have faith in yourself. You can do anything, be happy
you can't if you don't think you can which is the hardest battle to get over. I agree though it's easier to be sad, more comfy
deceiving name there
Lately the most random dope shit has been happening
Life's a trip - a great one at that
Makes you wonder if they really want to get better. I mean we all like to sulk but at a certain point you have to make changes to see them
People are always asking for shit (life) to get better...yet not making any changes to make shit actually get better
: You can always see your nose, but your brain has the ability to ignore it.
I am on a whole 'nother level Girl, he only fucked you over 'cause you let him
Accurate depiction of my life
: Numbers can.
: "Go get the record." Michael Jordan had advice for Draymond Green about getting to wins. WATCH:
Me too
Wtf is up with people using this Sweet Sweat shit?! Do y'all like sweating or what, because you're not burning anymore cals 🤔
LaMarcus Aldridge's offensive game is so fun to watch
The NBA really fucked up by putting the game of the year on NBATV
I hate speaking to people with lack of depth
: Me irl
I really gotta get better at taking my own advice
I wish
People are going to act how you treat them, something I'm realizing now more than ever
Everyday is an obsession to be a better version of myself
: Me irl
I'm starting to understand shit so well that I'm realizing I don't understand shit 🤔
: days
you either bæ
Why do people trip over being an "option" to somebody? We're all options to everybody 🤔🤔
Once you stop running from the present moment life becomes a beautiful thing
Why is it that dumb people reproduce and smart people decide against having kids?! Our future generations are completely fucked lol
I feel like females like the idea of a relationship more than actually being in one
Idk why but I always feel x more confident after a shower
Life's too short to keep yourself surrounded by the wrong people
If somebody's holding you back from your potential you must cut them out immediately
when the present moment is all we will ever have
its okay to look in the future periodically but the problem is we live in the future/past and go to the present periodically
lmao, gotta love the trends celebs set and the people who follow them
the whole book is about staying in the present moment because we often look behind us and ahead but never app the moment
I'm sure with where you're at in life it'll help so much. Because you're constantly looking to the future with school n shit
that's exactly what the book does for you! I'm literally so excited for you
but it'll save you a lot of money in the future
you'll realize why people buy things for happiness. It will actually make you pissed at the shit you buy to fill voids lol
you'll understand yourself better than ever
it will help you see where I'm coming from and it's rather short but it's a complete mind fuck
please, please, please purchase the book: The Power of Now by Eckhart Tolle!!
almost everybody does that!! Once you're in tuned with the connection of thinking/emotions life becomes beautiful
well to put it bluntly were just smart. Not just smart in the sense of intelligence but we're open minded about shit
that's all it comes down to. People are fearful of change and honestly being happy...so they continue to do what they do
but even you are beyond your years emotionally speaking so that's why these things make sense to you
mostly everybody accepts things for what they are. Without realizing that life can be whatever you want it to be
so some people never realize these things. Why would they? I used to be so stubborn I'd never accept new ideas
at I was chasing everything for the wrong reasons. That's how society molds us, and I'd say I'm beyond my years at
you'll understand more as your emotional intelligence eands, that is if you choose that route
it's different for everybody if you're closed minded, yes. But materials never end and you'll always be wanting more
social media makes everything seem different than it is. Social media is a poor representation of real life
these aren't my opinions, they are facts based on the psychology of your brain
the things that are fulfilling such as relationships, family, love, gratitude, etc. Basically not material items
That's my Twitter rant for the day but for real: money, jewelry, cars, houses, etc never end!!!
Barely any of you are going to be rich or even close. Stop trying to live a life of "luxury" and focus on the things in life that matter
A game that you are losing!! J. Cole said it best: The good news is nigga you came a long way The bad news is nigga you went the wrong way
Some of y'all don't realize how much the media/celebrities influence your every want/desire. None of those people are happy! It's all a game
I'm tired of living with demons cause they always inviting more
Heart beatin' fast, let a nigga know that he alive Fake niggas mad, snakes Snakes in the grass let a nigga know that he arrive
Love Yourz - Live by J. Cole
Some dudes will keep track of who their girl follows, who likes/comments on her pictures, etc. Nobody wants her, that's why ur dating her...
Crazy how you gotta wait until it's dark out to see who really with you
that's what you think though am I right?!
: Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.
: The -9 Warriors (.885) have lost to MIL (32-46), DEN (32-47), LAL (16-61) and MIN (26-52). Combined win pct: .340
Without my sister idk who or what I'd be at this point. She changed me in more ways than I could've ever anticipated ️
you're a beast though welcome ️
you won't
I'm pretty sure I tweeted that before but it deserves another
My ex says she gave me the best years of her life I saw a recent picture of her, I guess she was right
that's for you to decide
someone special
bæ gets a on her calc exam and is still worried about her GPA
TPB
: The sonicare tooth brush is named after the words I never heard from my father
oh don't put the blame on the app ️
hey fam at least you know you've got that good
obviously if dude calls out a random dude he doesn't even know
that's savage you didn't have to do that
I wasn't lol but you as well ️ take care
me too thanks
barely any females like bball let alone play K so consider yourself special if you didn't already ️
basically if you don't love where you're at now you'll never be happy with what you have. Such feels
: Day s
me too thanks
: Life is too short to stress yourself with people who don’t even deserve to be an issue in your life
nice photo btw
it's you're dumbarse
you are truly one of a kind lol
gotta be my favorite song, the meaning is beautiful
that's just fucked up lol
Why do people think just because you love working out you must compete?! 🤔
The past few months I have purchased a plethora of books on Amazon...what is happening to me? 🤔🤔
All I want is a female who will watch TPB with me
Putting your dream against someone else's is a fantastic way to get discouraged and depressed. – Jon Acuff
I didn't intentionally look your snap...snapchat made me do it
rip
Huge win for the Rockets who are on the edge of making the playoffs (9th seed). Harden dropped on his former team
Now everyone's starting to listen to PND
rip in pieces
Some people should just not be able to have children together
send noots
I hear you talking bout we a lot, oh, you speak French now?
Send noots
Ayyy me too thanks
: Quote of the day:
Forever is composed of Nows. – Emily Dickinson
You all do it don't lie
One of my favorite hobbies: watching my snapchat story over and over again reminiscing my day
days
Pupper
Nothing is good or bad, but thinking makes it so. – Shakespeare
Things change, people change, feelings change too Never thought the circumstances woulda changed you
I'm just getting started
: Lebron James tallies a triple-double at The Garden (27 pts, rebs &and; asts) for the .
well that made me feel great 🤗🤗 I love you also Kate ️ thank you for the positive vibes!!
the latter part...it's dead and over with
the latter
Do it for your knees
Power over others is weakness disguised as strength. – Eckhart Tolle
I mean srs
Also take my social media serious % of the time, all the time
The only thing I dislike about the Kardashian's is they got other females thinking they're the Kardashian's
lmao
yeah right asshole
The only down side to moving is I won't be seeing my sister everyday. Thinking about it makes me legit tear up
Hm, when it rains it pours Whiskey bottles on the sinks and floors Everyday the first things a chore Amidst a dream with no exit doors
I guess if I was simple in the mind everything would be fine
: That CP3 pass though
Females will cheat on their boyfriends (all the time) and then post nothing but boyfriend appreciation posts on social media, no joke lol
I'm not aware fam...no longer a hooper
me too thanks
Or if they made them themselves that's even worse
They literally paid somebody to have a shirt with my face on it 🤔
Reading this ego book got me thinking I hurt some dudes egos so much they ending up making shirts with my face on it
Reputation is an idle and most false imposition; oft got without merit, and lost without deserving
so basically you're thinking too far ahead? Day by day dear
I think you told me that the other day. It's beautiful there
I'm the original MattB™
thanks Obama
me too thanks
you still alive?
where you going?
She just changed her Twitter to "MattB-Gets-Me-Wetter"
strong willpower
: The word Namaste is offensive in the US. In Australia "Sup Cunt" is a warm greeting. Way to go USA.
Thanks to my friends for being my friends
Saturday
maybe
hand would be great for fappin'
yes that's what I heard to do on so it must be true
you're old
they're clean trust me, you're good
: Has anyone tried these egg whites before? Going to try them tomorrow. Macros seem odd for egg whites g fat?
me too thanks
a year cut isn't shit after months of growing
: In the original story of "The Little Mermaid," Ariel doesn't marry the prince. He marries someone else, and she kills hers…
you're the dude who kept following/unfollowing me in IG right?!
one day you'll mature young Anna
quality

I can taste the salt from here
love YOU also Hailey
you're right in both cases
Some people are so negative just talking to them brings you down
Anna deletes tweets so that's apparently under control
relax Anna. Nothing is under control
I mean I guess. Awkwardness is just a thing we make up in our heads anyways. It's all subjective to me
great observation Anna I wasn't sure exactly how that worked
: Never apologize to others for their misunderstanding of who you are
: You were born with the ability to change someone's life - don't ever waste it.
: Lost lbs in weeks. Eating pizza, candy, chipotle, even went out everyday in NYC. Track your shit people it ain't hard.
: If you repeatedly criticize someone for liking something you don’t, they won’t stop liking it. They’ll stop liking you.
Remember, the easy road often becomes hard, and the hard road often becomes easy
Actually I think I was even hanging with but then my dream ended with messaging, needless to say I'm pissed it wasn't irl
it's alright nothing special but I'm not going to download it especially after TW is on my arse
blame Tidal that's when they emailed me I already checked out the song when he added/tweaked
Just had a dream that I was messaging
thanks me too
who's to say what anything is?!
I would help you with Twitter but I'm still getting acclimated to it myself
that could be it. Or I just learned by now that nothing lasts forever unless you force it to
now don't generalize Clanton
I try but I guess you made me feel a tad better
thanks
well that's my take on love...
If I'm feeling you I'm feeling you and if I'm not you'll know but truthfully most of you aren't shit lol
See the thing is I'm straight up with females. I don't make up shit or lead them on for some action. That's weak in my opinion
incorporate some more side boob next time pls
: My name is a mix between Jon and Nathan... So that's cool
I aspire to be one
Kanye's one cheeky mf! He tweaked TLOP so they offered a free membership to Tidal for another month. Which means I have to DL it again
that's sick as hell!! Have you been doing the beginner one?! And sounds good to me
how're you liking it so far?! We have to make some gains soon
those gains though
: I love you
"Do what you feel in your heart to be right—for you'll be criticized anyway. You'll be damned if you do, and damned if you don't." – FDR
hml
Education suppresses creativity
Apparently we're selfish creatures since our potato days
or
you weren't wearing this at the Arnold. Dope fit!!
I never even see you post provocative pictures, kind of wish you did though
back to my tweet earlier about what a females thinking...
Maybe just maybe he's doing what he does every year as the playoffs near
So Bron unfollows the Cav's Twitter and everyone has the answers. "Oh, now I bet he's leaving Cleveland"...nobody has the answers but him
And listening to your favorite fitness guru isn't research...in most cases that's called bro-science
Not saying you have to track macros or anything but don't go around driving blind either. Do your research it's out there!
I'll never understand the people who put hours into the gym daily but won't take the time to understand nutrition 🤔🤔
After my cut I'm not show ready but I definitely am hoe ready
You all know who you are 🤔
: ISIS will always claim they've executed terrorist attacks even if they didn't. It's part of their strategy
I'm the person who says what everyone else is thinking but are too scared to say because they're scared of people disliking them
If you want to know who and what a female is tripping over just check out her Twitter
whatever you do just don't restart the cycle...that's my best advice
: You have to go through the worst to get the best
: Think I just may join the Snap this week. Another way for my fans to ride with me throughout my journey
Failure inspires winners. And failure defeats losers
if you listen to someone else's perspective (even if you don't completely agree) it can broaden your outlook on things
thank you for noticing! I'm glad you take my word because most people don't take advice...that's all you can do though ️
debatable
aka us making out in your pool
enjoy that shit while its there fam hard to fully understand now but in hindsight you'll see why I say that
sounds like someone's 'mirin
Love heals all, love kills war I love the hustle, but I love you more
still got a lot ahead of us though
we were trendy
shit I'm so glad you held onto this!! Who else do you keep in touch w from those days?!
you know that shits old when you're reppin hollister lol would love to know where this was
and apparently we've aged well ️
I think I legitimately remember that. Hard to believe that's almost years ago now
from way way back? Damn
I was liking Sam's tweet not yours...
wait what did I just watch? When was this
Only fools and dead men never change their mind
hit my guy brandon up if you're looking for some

fuckin' bush man
Much like a lot of humans I know *drops mic*
: Incoming seniors:
well I mean we're both chill so dats why fammm
tis why we are friends mate. We both vand hard
never. I'm a night owl. My brain actually works right at night, during the day I'm coastin'
Well technically it's a Saturday now
Never thought at years old I'd be up until am on a Friday reading a book about personal ficing
🤖🤖
Who's tryna link on
If you don't listen to EDM and you're not a happy person then listen to some EDM...srs
Listen to that song if you know what's good for you

Because you're all that, all that I want
And if there was time I could figure it out now But life is short And I don't care for most of it I don't care for most of it
But we were younger then And now we're not And if there was a plan made Then we forgot about it
Your eyes, they did flutter again And my mouth it did hang wide When you told me 'every little thing is going to be alright'
Try to see the light in all of the darkness...but if you don't look hard enough you'll never see it
Boston would seemingly make more sense if he wants to be the man though. Plus being in the eastern conference is a huge benefit
Watch Durant go to Golden State and nobody say shit
Always forgive but never forget. Learn from mistakes but never regret
Smile with the sad, love what you've got, and remember what you had
You've got to take the good with the bad
But this low calorie Amp is pretty good also
Especially skittles
Candy is great
Relaxed house type of morning
All men have fears, but the brave put down their fears and go forward, sometimes to death, but always to victory
She said she can't feel her face, right now I can't feel my heart
Tfw
: In the U.S., nearly half of overweight individuals and % of obese individuals are metabolically healthy, an analysis of th…
: "I need a good QB." ICYMI: Mike Wallace took a shot at Vikings after signing with Ravens.
The only thing I don't like about Twitter is how can I fully eress myself with characters?! That's barely enough to fit an emoji 🤔
: % of social media- or cell phone-using teen girls have blocked someone after ending a friendship, compared with % of t…
: Russia didn't consider beer an alcoholic drink until year of . It was considered a soft drink.
dedication
I feel it's a bit symbolic because of the calm after the storm?! Idk really...it sounded good at least
Crazy how life works. I was starting to overthink things towards the end of the day...well now it's storming &and; storms always make me relaxed
Maybe just a little different than you had wanted but however it ends up working out is right for you
No matter how fucked up your life gets and how far you get from your "path"...realize it's all going to work out in the end
:
We teach children that violence is never the answer, &and; then make them read about the wars in school that gave them the freedom we have today
:
He who treads softly goes far
Dreams are becoming reality
Small improvements turn into big ones over time
Everyday you should try to be a little better than the day before
sorry babe...
I'm pretty sure I'll be out in CO that weekend
when's that?
Actually that might of been before last summer maybe two summers ago. That just proves how fast life flies
Listening to G-Eazy brings me back to last summer :/ life is beginning to move so quickly I'm just trying to enjoy each and every moment...
Meant to die, we moved fast and then we crashed You and I were made of glass, we'd never last
Have you ever met someone who it feels like you've known forever?
I wonder if BK's hot dogs are good or not 🤔🤔 seems sort of like a contradiction to me
srs is life
: JR x LeBron with the encore on !
: I love you guys &and; I hope your night is going well...
: J.R. Smith was a bit off on the lob but that's not a worry for LeBron.
A drop of honey catches more flies than a gallon of gall
Stop letting society give you boundaries and go for your dreams
Chocolate chip chewy bars are also great
At a certain point you realize that mostly everyone talks about shit but doesn't actually do it
Do unto others as you would have others do unto you
String cheese is good
Been having hella females slide in my DM's lately
🤔🤔
So then that means lyfe is meme's
Meme's are lyfe
Meme's are meme's
Sleep is nice
Don't complain about the snow on your neighbor's roof, when your own doorstep is unclean
But damn life is so great rn! I love everything that has taken me to where I'm at currently. It's all coming together
Your perception of me is a reflection of you, my reaction to you is an awareness of me
We're all different and to try to understand another's life, especially one you'll more than likely never know, is INSANE
But seriously let a woman live and eress herself even if you don't fully understand it. Damn
Who cares if Kim K posts an almost naked photo. You all know she looks good af...and were mad a full nude didn't leak...at least I was
: I get excited when I think about taking naps
what you buying me?
People wear Calvin's once and think that they're a model...
: this
teach meh
: To think is easy. To act is hard. But the hardest thing in the world is to act in accordance with your thinking - Johann von…
Part of being intelligent is being open to new ideas/concepts
We'll see what life has in store
To think by mid summer my bro, , and I may all be living in Cali
What comes around is all around
People don't like me because I keep it real, that's the way it's always been...and that's not going to change anytime soon
boinggggg
all gr8
: At .190 before the game, the Lakers' win vs the Warriors (.917) is the biggest differential in win % in NBA history.
: If only...
nice pic
Devon hmu
Still btw. Aiming for a pound a week deficit for the next weeks
Poverty macros the next few weeks
Also had a solid no homo chat with Massthetics lmao
Just saw Maxx Chewning blacked af at the bar
Anyone can "make it work" short term but beyond that it doesn't work
The more we bring awareness to our lives...the more we realize we can shape our lives how we want
I think the thing I'm most thankful for in my life is the fact that I don't have anyone pregt right now that would be so shitty
life goes on. Watch his video too you can kind of see both sides
yeah I know. People only show the good shit on social media...makes you think we all don't have it so bad. We all struggle
both of their YouTube channels
It's either that or that's what's going to happen when and if they do get back together. I'm still just like wtf...random timing...🤔
I wonder if Christian and Nikki faked their break up so they could come back with a dope YT series on them getting back together 🤔
“A society grows great when old men plant trees whose shade they know they will never sit in.”
: "Get so obnoxiously rich that when that tax bill comes, your st thought will be to choke on how big a check you have to wri…
: Consuming sugar doesn’t actually give us a “sugar rush” and that hyperactivity we feel after consuming is something we tri…
No matter how hard I try, try
I’m holding on to things you said Before you forgot what this love really meant to you The words that I sent to you, never got into you
Damn I can't believe Christian and Nikki broke up but I guess I was right, nobody lasts forever...
Clean game by Curry. They did Durant dirty though. Would've loved seeing him finish out the game
Love is blind and ignorance is bliss
: Are you a sapiosexual?
People are not meant to be together they're just compatible
: Plans for spring break
Krispy Kreme donuts sounding amazing rn
Damian Lillard
My ex says she gave me the best years of her life I saw a recent picture of her, I guess she was right
I been thinking About my vision Pour out my feelings Revealing the layers to my soul, my soul
: It's such a beautiful day...
: Kobe Bryant passes on his skills to the next generation.
: Top highest scoring games in the past seasons Melo - vs. CHA on /24/14 LBJ - vs. CHA on /3/14 AD - vs. DET …
not you ofc
I promise you – I skipped through your entire snapchat story...
Makes sense
Dudes be putting hella work into females and thinking they have game no bro you just gave her attention
: Reading...
: What is this dude doing
Why do people take social media so serious? 🤔
One of my favorite hobbies is watching who unfollows me after I post a dope ass picture on Instagram
I can't let these people play me. Name one genius that ain't crazy
: 's and has to get gauges
: Monty Williams you're incredible man! Very powerful and strong! So moving watching you. May she continue to live in Paradise…
Do what you love or love what you do
Too many haters and negative people out there. Spread some love in this depressing world
I hate when a nigga text you like, "what's up, fam, oh you good?" You say, "I'm good" then great, the next text they ask you for somethin'
: Channing Frye is reportedly headed to Cleveland LIVE BLOG:
People totally go about network marketing the wrong way
true we all go thought shit. You just have to learn something from those eeriences. Things will turn around. Stay up
true but if you start off your day with positive thoughts and work at it you can do anything you put your mind to
: if we date and break up you gotta unlearn all the cool shit i taught you. you gotta go back to being lame
people tend to become what they think about themselves. If that's what you think that's what'll happen. Change your perspective
looks like Kyle
:
My left and right hand Robert Horry
Two years ago I didn't want to live another day...now I love life more than I could've ever imagined. Never give up...things do get better
Trust me your life isn't interesting enough to have a private Instagram
I've only been meditating for a few weeks now but this shit is amazing
Literally haven't cried in at least a year now. Somebody give me something to cry about this shit is getting fucked up
irl
I don't know how people can go through everyday without having any goals
: Looking to increase your Instagram following? Here are free strategies:
: That's a lot of hugs
Life is what you make it
We only have one life to live...so do whatever tf makes you happy
yeah I agree. At least there's the olympics though
:
: Heart-warming.
Iconic
I still don't think they'd try considering the stakes. I mean the NFL pro bowlers don't try and that's afterwards as well
Getting engaged/married rn sounds lame af! We're still so young
So if they hate then let them hate and watch the money pile up
: Streak over. Wisconsin spoils Maryland's home game winning streak.
Most of y'all are slaves to the system and the worst part is you don't even know it
On a good note at least they're extra thirsty
: Kobe Bryant reached out to Ronda Rousey after her loss to Holly Holm and had some inspiring words for her.
Nothing going for them whatsoever
Females these days are way too basic
When the walls in your house have such shitty instillation you can hear your bro eating a bag of chips and it's legit keeping you up
: I fucks wit botH I'm jus Here for da memes r wateva dem sHits called
Something I'm working on
: Quote of the day:
: You owe it to yourself to invest in yourself!!!
: Why All-Stars Draymond Green and Kawhi Leonard are the perfect players for the modern NBA. ://…
:
People just get caught up in the moment with their current feels. Everything (love) slowly fades and then the real feels come out
Bitches will post everyday about how great their bf's are. Then in a month when they break up they post how their ex's ain't shit lmao 🤔
the one where you don't look constipated
When you single af and not trippin' about getting an ungrateful bitch something fWhen you single af and not trippin' about getting an ungrateful bitch something for Valentine's Day
I heard u good with them soft lips. Ya u know word of mouth. The square root of is something, right? Cause I've been tryna work it out
: computers are good swimmers so throw your computer in a river or lake
I'd only last seconds with Alex Morgan as well
avatarnutrition's photo
I've eerienced that quite a few times with pre. Luckily I've survived every time and also got a killer pump
How is Wilson not nailing that?!
I still remember that one day when you took too much
: Bernie Sanders cites huge voter turnout in New Hampshire win:
And never stop the pursuit of finding out what excites you. There's always more to life than when you're at. Never settle for mediocrity...
No matter what you do in life make sure you love that shit...make sure you do what excites you! If you don't know yet then at least find out
Too many fire songs on this album
Take Care takes me back to Junior/Senior year
I've been thinking a lot lately about what kind of legacy I want to contribute to the future…
eat that shit up
: Peyton Manning ties John Elway &amp; Terry Bradshaw for rd all-time with postseason wins.
: Peyton Manning is the st starting QB in NFL history to win a Super Bowl with different teams.
pizza has fire macros fam
: Edgar Allan Poe earned about $15 from his story, "The Raven."
:
Their time is coming
One day at a time
Either way the proof is in the pudding...
Maybe it's just the age were at or maybe it's the world we live in today. Or maybe it's a pessimistic way to view things
I've come to the conclusion that no serious relationship really works long term. But I believe you can take something from every eerience
If no one thinks your goals are crazy, you're probably not aiming high enough
I think what's different about me is when someone fucks me over I cut them out for good while most of you keep letting them back in
not even once bro, but now I'm going to have to
Nice justification there 🤔
nan
bruh...you've just changed my life
Some talk about it while some actually do it
: Give the world good energy
In short... Feels are okay to feel
Blocking your feelings out and repressing them is the easier approach short term but has much greater consequences in the long term
This is amazing
All positive
We all have different definitions on success... Most of all just do what makes you happy in life
When people complain about shit but do absolutely nothing about it &lt;&lt;
: An early spring is on the way!
At the same time I'll never wish the worst upon anyone
If you care about me and support with me I'll fuck with you until the end, if not I could care less what happens to you
:
Most people don't know the many benefits of fiber. For women you can eect to aim for at least g a day!
: Cavaliers have scored at least points in straight games, st time LeBron James team accomplished this feat. https:/…
When people act like they're happy but you know damn well they're sad af inside 🤔
nan
I lied... I unfollowed all of you bitches right meow
Why nobody follow me on Twitter 🤔
nan
Really ain't putting up with any kind of shit anymore
"People tend to become what they think about themselves." –William James Physique Update : Now…
: nobody really grows up, we just pretend to be mature.
"People tend to become what they think about themselves." –William James
: Are you shocked?
The best thing school ever did for me was make me realize what I don't want out of life
I the people who make me feel alive and who have made me feel alive in the past. …
:
We only have one chance at this thing called life... Stop settling!
I'll never understand why people make an IG without having any pictures 🤔
Kyrie Irving is way too good
Two highlight blocks in one night 🤔
Cav's taking a on the best defensive team in the league
: LeBron being LeBron.
In dire need for some glucose tn
memes are life*
whoever invented dating was lame af
I think I would've been better suited as a dog or some shit
Hey I'm just kidding you guys are cool
I'm giving you all t-1 week to follow me back. If you don't follow me back in the allotted time period you will be terminated
free of fear and judgement eh?!
Great!! Another social media platform for me to waste countless hours of my life on
: LinkedIn members who list skills on their profiles receive times more profile views on average than those who don’t.
Grand day lads
Twitter game weak af
do you even vape?!
Btw this is not Matt Betz
